Zerodha Kite:The latest version is very slow. The charts never load for some stocks. The 3 dots keep on going as per the animation but chart never loads for some. There is no issue in the internet speed as other apps and all are working fine. Please fix this. If we can't see the charts what the point of having them then in the app if we can't see them in real-time.
Zerodha Kite:Prices are not real time. There's always a lag of few seconds. Whenever order gets exicuted notification comes first, price updates after a few seconds. Charts don't load instantly. Some times they don't load at all. The circle keeps rotating. Overall experience is slackish . Don't blame it on my internet connection. I have 5g on mobile, and 100mbps at home. Everything else is superfast, Kite is slow.
Zerodha Kite:From last 2/3 months it's hell of a experience to use kite application. Charts never loads. Just never. Pathetic. I waited a lot that, in your updates problem will resolve but it never happened. Also option chain opening takes lot of time.! Even in search it gets hanged.! Give stability or will have to close the account. Edit : I have 100 Mbps internet speed from two different service providers and using it with load balancing router. So issue is DEFINITELY from your side.
Zerodha Kite:Very good app but I have always had a trouble loading the graphs and from the past 2 weeks I am noticing that the graphs are not loading at all even on a very good internet connection. Due to which I have to switch to other application and it is not a good experience. Overall if I'm willing to place an order. Edit - Graphs are working fine, but it still lacks some important features such as - Specifying whether the equity is long term or short term - brief history against an equity
Zerodha Kite:Very bad experience with the performance of the app, It takes great amount of time while opening or flipping charts in different time frames, entries booking also takes a heck of the time. The worst part is the support team does not respond in a proper way accepting the glitches we point out. In turn, they tell lies saying that everytthing works well.
Zerodha Kite:The app was great once upon a time. Overtime in the name of upgrades, Kite has just deteriorated my experience. Recently, the Fundamentals section of the stocks has been changed (probably some API to another vendor app named TIJORI). It is completely cluttered and sore to the eyes. Why do you change something that is fine and no one is complaining about? Instead you could work on the chart loading issues, random network issues during market volatility times, etc.
Zerodha Kite:Latest updated version is not good. Whenever try to refresh the margin on android, order is place because of order tap button,  it is too close to the margin reftesh button. Some times buy order place  mistakenly. There should be swipe button instead of tap button to buy the order.  I think tap button has been created to increase the brokerage. Thinking to shift to another broker.
Zerodha Kite:User interface is too bad and complicated, make UI as Groww simple and easy to understand. 1.When we search we don't get proper results ( mapping is not good) 2. Nifty, banktnifty should be on top. 3. If we open banktnifty or anything then there should be button for option trading down with drop-down. 4. Stop loss thing is quite complicated to implement/ takes too much time to learn.
Zerodha Kite:I finally open Zerodha account after 5 years of constant fight in my mind yes no yes....I am using Angle one since 2019 and I want to say after using Zerodha, app design, look, and specially fonts size and type need to be improved it is very simple and sophisticated. Them option also not so good it is either White or Black....No. of watchlist are also just 7 in compare toAngle one where the are giving options of Max 10 watchlists. One tab switch between equity and option market is also missing.
Zerodha Kite:*Note-taking Feature:* - The notes I add to a stock should be visible in my portfolio. - The notes should sync uniformly across all watchlists and portfolios. *Portfolio Management:* - Provide more sorting and filtering features in the portfolio, such as: - Ability to mark investments as "long-term" or "short-term". Segregate bonds against stocks and other groupings by different colors. These implementations are not that difficult and it won't have performance impact to the app
Zerodha Kite:The new text font is looking ugly. Previous font was much better and more readable. Edit: I don't like the Trading View 2.0 chart. There are lot of issues. On clicking a candle it doesnot put cursor on it. Trading View 1.0 chart is much better. Right now I can use TV 1.0 chart. If you force me to use TV 2.0 chart I have to switch to other broker. Edit: I don't like long press. It should be on click to save time during ongoing trades. Edit: I am unable to use TV 1.0 chart. It is better than TV2.0
Zerodha Kite:The app is becoming worst day by day the charts are taking lots of time to load. Also while trading in FnO there should be quick interface of exiting the potion in just one click. In night the does not work. The use of drawing pattern is also not easy on chart it takes a bit effort. Try solving this problems or else I think we should shift to some other broker.
Zerodha Kite:after completion of sign-up process and paying 200 bucks, I didn't receive my userid and password. it's been more than a week. the most pathetic customer support. don't go with zerodha. I have sent 20 emails almost. but no solution. every time they say that your esign process hasn't completed but I have completed it so many times and sent you the attachment of the last screen. I have done everything I could. I will never recommend such an app which can't find the problem in account opening.
Zerodha Kite:Easy to use and track, support is also good and timely without fail. Edit: new downgrade which kite calls upgrade is not helping anyone most customers are extremely dissatisfied I'm in the process of moving platforms there are much better options available T.T. was much better than tijori and I have no choice it's been enforced. It's like I have to not only go through my garbage but others garbage too to find basic info I used to previously gather easily without going to 3rd party page.
Zerodha Kite:Can't save chart in updated version then how to save study,can't put cursor on it to see low and high of the candle previous t1 version was much better but can't use it, also can't watch multiple charts at a time very bad experience today facing issue from morning and will face a loss...Please improve your app otherwise have to switch to other platform. Today I have placed some orders money get deducted but cant see in my position also it shows in pending order neither cancelling nor modifying.
Zerodha Kite:it was good before. Recent updates made it difficult to use. Before 1) in 2022 it was simple so faster loading and less glitches. 2) charts take too much time to load.charts starts blinking randomly. 3) randomly logging out and need to sign in again. 4)No need to have a big watchlist. Current one can hold all of nifty 500. Pros 1)the new fundamental viewing part and sensibul integration.
Zerodha Kite:I have veen using this platform since last 4 yrs ... Very disappointed to say that grievances are not being looked after despite several complaints..1) charts are not saved, everytime have to draw the essentials again n again 2) chart opens on 3 minutes timeframe only.. have to switch to ther TF hell lot of times .. which is very irritating..
Zerodha Kite:I am using kite app since last 6 to 7 years. In recent app update, difference in price is very confusing. E.g. consider nifty index closed previously at any level and today its trading above previous close. Still it calculates from day high and show as negative. So if anyone had not checked the previous close price would get confuse whether index or stock is positive or not. Update: Dev team responded and guided the settings which worked. Thanks team.
Zerodha Kite:Hello team zerodha. I think you should provide the quick buy and quick sell button in trading view 2.0. for trailing stoploss it's very time consuming process via modified stoploss genarate order again modified it . So with reference of plus button you should provide that quick buy with set lot size and quick exit of preferred lot size so we can go with high speed trade like scalping
Zerodha Kite:The team is lethargic and non responsive. Other brokers like dhan have much better offerings than 0dha. Basic features like bar change and percentage change takes months to implement in application. It started well but now they are so lost that they are finding it difficult to implement small changes to their system, acting like PSUs
Zerodha Kite:What happened with your chart, it freezes. It zooms in automatically and unable to get it back to normal size. Unable to scroll left to right .. it was a pretty responsive UI It was so good. Now everything looks annoying.
Zerodha Kite:App does not have simple user interface to log ticket booking. Even resultant page is not straight forward. I want to suggest important security risk but due to lack of channel raising it here as feedback.Application lack in security considering this is an 21st century major investment option. When application is minimized application does not get locked. I can resume operation and view can be seen consider I am on portfolio page and its showing investment as well as profit.
Zerodha Kite:Zerodha is good platform but lacking many features. Like scalper mode in DHAN . We need scalper mode so that we can enter and exit from the chart itself like DHAN. App or other apps. Because i have to constantly switch between charts and orders and its frustrating just add this feature.
Zerodha Kite:Very shameless app. Deduct charges whether account opening process is completed or not. Account opening process is too much complicated, again and again asking to verify same thing. If due to any reason process completed then again has to start from beginning. And for all process, it will direct on google. It should be given negative marking and Google should scrap this app from play store. This app is just to grab money.
Zerodha Kite:Need improvement in charts. Overall app is number one. Web browsing editing charts are not sync to mobile kite app. That make some frustrated. Because whenever i am out from my setup, my levels not be sync in kite other hand that make trading difficulties. So improve in chart synchronisation web to app.
Zerodha Kite:Nice app until last month Because am facing to many technical issues regarding charts etc and i informed team zerodha but they didn't respond. I do mails to them but theh are unable to solve my issue. That is main cause of loss booking. I wait approximately 1 hour of loading but no chart has open!!
Zerodha Kite:Many a times trend lines drawn disappear by the next day, very frustrating. The developer claims it's because of cache being cleared, but haven't ever cleared cache. Total 700 stocks can b added to watchlist but alerts still Limited to 200 only which makes it difficult to catch the breakout, it should be 700 as the same as watchlist!
Zerodha Kite:Been using this app for more than two years now, and I find this app pretty reliable. But I rated it one star down because, it recently made selling stocks a bit inconvenient in an irritating way. Previously we could authorize selling operatiom once a day and could sell any stock throughout the day, but now each stock with particular quantity needs to be authorised for selling individually before I can sell it. It's basically irritating and wastage of time. Previous system was way better.
Zerodha Kite:Currently, the font appears light and blurry, making it difficult to read, especially in sunlight.It would be great if you could update the font to a darker and more legible contrast color to enhance visibility and overall user experience.
Zerodha Kite:Using Zerodha and two other broker apps for above one year and as per my experience, Zerodha is the worst app, even some basic features (GTT Market order) are missing. It's interface is very poor and not users friendly, so would never recommend it to the beginners, better to choose any other broker app, I am quite sure that would be better than Zerodha, because their platform is very basic, as they are not upgrading it as per the user requirements. I realised this, when I used other apps.
Zerodha Kite:This app used to be the best app; however, I don't like the TradingView 2.0 chart as it takes a long time to open, and I am unable to switch to TradingView 1.0. Additionally, I cannot see the open, close, high, and low of any particular candle. So, I request you to please resolve this issue as soon as possible.
Zerodha Kite:There is no much justification or definition is required for Zerodha, the number of stock broking company. The app's UI is fabulous. This generates a quick response for order placing and squaring off the trades. The reports like P&L Console is simply awesome for analysing our performance. Apart from the recent glitches which has a frequent occurrence, this app is lit. They should work on these glitches.
Zerodha Kite:I had used ICICIdirect and HDFC securities for few years and had later tried brokers like paytm-money and 5 paisa but finally moved all my holdings to zerodha and have been using for last 3 plus years. It is not perfect but the quality of Zerodha's support team over phone or email is very good which I had never experienced before with other brokers. One thing missing is sorted list of all Mutual Funds on coin based on past performance and list of all ETFs on kite but not provided.
Zerodha Kite:Hi, the add notes feature is great. But if you can add this add note feature to the Stock portfolio holding. It would make it more better. Hope to get this feature soon. Can you please bring the Tag feature to kite. It is available in console but not in Kite App.
Zerodha Kite:Still needs improvement, I have raised ticket for bug in new chart, they admitted it and still not resolved, and major one, whenever there is high volume volatility that time application hangs, even we can't exit the orders even though I connected to broadband internet with speed 150+ MBPS. Suggestion: kindly add the feature like on chart order adjust and sl adjust like in dhan and delta exchange app.
Zerodha Kite:The app sometimes works flawlessly, but most of the time, it has some bugs or the other. Right now, it does not show any stock in my portfolio, but when I click on the analytics option in the portfolio tab, it shows me all my stocks. Please fix it, it's very annoying.
Zerodha Kite:I have been using kite for more than three years. At currently kite is not working nicely, frequently getting stuck , Charts are not loading, it is frustrating while trading on mobile phone. Please fix the bug. If you need i could share screenshot. Disappointed with Kite.
Zerodha Kite:It's so slow lately that it is frustrating to even look at screen & trade. Prices don't get refreshed, too damn slow when open charts, keep asking me to switch to charts 2.0 but 2.0 is just beta version without option to draw any lines or check levels
Zerodha Kite:There is one issue with this app. Whenever we press back button on fingerprint authentication screen, it logs the user out and then the user has to fill all login details and also to enable 2 factor authentication. Rather, when we press the back button it should just bring user out of the app instead of logging him/her out.
Zerodha Kite:It seems too much horrible and disappointing when you charge 200rs for demate account opening charge before whole sign up process. I lost my money but didn't get completed my sign up on kite app Document verification with digilocker showing completed but then it automatically closes that's interface also most pathetic customer support from the team regarding issues. Kindly deduct customer's money after completing whole sign up process or esle refund their money whom didn't succeed to sign up.
Zerodha Kite:Thanks for your quick response and appreciaiting my feedback. Still needs lots of improvements. Many time charts opens up with previous scripts and chart screen again ask for login verification. Also eveytime showing disclaimer is worst thing. You can implement it in non intrusive manner.
Zerodha Kite:Dear Team, Your number of watch list columns is very limited, I request you to keep the option to create maximum number of watch list columns, not rows Your last updated version increases the watch list raw, it is very Abrasing to see equity index and option updates. So please keep the option to increase your watch list columns, not raw. It is helping to see category wise share equity index future and option view. Please work to load your chart faster, it was loading very slow.
Zerodha Kite:The brokers, sebi, market operators and govt itself endulged in this game. At sudden the data changes and at sudden it falls , at sudden it rises. Less than the time taken to place order in kite , the data changes. Price rises before placing order and drops after . Sab AI ki maya hai . The previous versions were good. Now it is just to trap. Unstable UI and too much manipulation.
Zerodha Kite:It's very uncomfortable to place indicators or saved layouts everytime. There is not proper synchronisation of charts between web version and app version. Please focus on that. It's not so much hard to change this.
Zerodha Kite:Since last 3 weeks, such poor performance of all platforms of zerodha like kite and coin. None of the page loading on browser, sooo much time taking on loading charts, not able to place any buy or sell order!! Please resolve at earliest. Whom to blame if not able to sell at right time causing losses. It is understandable if kite gets hanges for an hour or so, but it's been 3 weeks now! This is Huge.
Zerodha Kite:This chart on Zerodha got different from today. Previously, we could set and customize the chart as per our preference, but now, nothing at all is getting set. Not even closed price or volume after this new update. The previous Trading View 2.0 was way better than what it is in the app. Please look into this. And application cache is being regularly cleaned.
Zerodha Kite:Previous charts were simply best and though i make most of my trades on IIFL i used to rely on zerodha for reading charts..the new charts are clumsy and not clean as the previous one..though the present one has many enhancements. The new chart style should not have been changed..hope the previous version is also available for users.
Zerodha Kite:Kite app works very slow, any other app gets unlocked after unlocking once, but kite gets unlocked it several times; I have to unlock it 5 to 6 times; sometimes during trading I have to unlock it 15 to 20 times then it be unlocke for once and it comes to the unlock button again and again; I am using Lenovo Tab m10 hd. I thought there might be a problem in my device, so I tried it on another phone too; I have the same problem; sometimes it takes a lot of time to exit the position
Zerodha Kite:It's a super application, it would be appreciated of you can add some predefined watchlists. It may be Sector wise or Index wise or in any other group order like nifty50, BankNifty, NiftyIT, Sensex, FMCGStocks, AUTOStocks etc. It will give a confidence and ease of access to the beginners as well as experts also. It would be a great help if it can be taken on priority updation. - Thanks & Regards.
Zerodha Kite:The app is good loaded with useful features but it can be made more user friendly. Lately I realised you can't refer someone from app, have to go to console to refer. Why zerodha why? Similarly there are barriers to complete so many easy tasks. I hope UX will be improved soon. I use groww to see stock graphs, change and then place orders in zerodha.
Zerodha Kite:The app has recently modified the charts pattern and the new pattern is worst. It has also changed the saved settings of my earlier charts which is creating lot of issues while trading. Not happy with this change
Zerodha Kite:It is great for long term investment but I'll suggest explore different platforms for F&O because ìf you're buyer things do get tough sometimes the chart don't even hit your SL but it does it automatically takes u out even if it comes 0.5 nears it. That is frustrating. But it is a very simple to use app. But you just gotta be careful with intraday trading.
Zerodha Kite:Beta version of tradingview 2.0 is so slow that everytime I load another chart I have to restart the app before I can check it. same things happen on laptop and on high speed internet where you can download GBs of data in just few minutes. Seriously very frustrating during market hours.
Zerodha Kite:Edit: now when I have choosed TradingView 2.0 charts, it is really really slow. Once a favorite app is now giving me headache. Every time giving the alert bar on chart opening is annoying, when new TredingView 2.0 is in Beta state why would I make it my defualt chart.
Zerodha Kite:The worst chart I have ever used, filled with glitches, and very poor tools to draw. It just doesn't seem professional. The alternate platform provides a much more sophisticated interface and charts.
Zerodha Kite:When live trade, mobile app new version disturbing 01, 02, like screen zoom, chart disturbing, price list, drawing tools cover full mobile screen, two fingers tauch not working, refresh then come, time frame tauch 5, 10 etc, etc, live market Screen still, no charge, again refresh screen come, all marking drawing move, watch list-- live market -- selected stock tauch 5 to 10 second come to screen, many times not come, again refresh then come screen, screen zoom sometimes no move, again refresh,
Zerodha Kite:It's a great trading app... Great interface... Bt zerodha lack some of the features, which disappoints me very much... Like, the horizontal line on the chart showing p&l on a running trade.. SL line to drag on the chart.. zerodha should include this features....
Zerodha Kite:Thank u for adding notes, watchlist capacity 1. please make the app colourblind friendly which will need colour contrast specially in watchlist. I have difficulty with red and green, so I prefer red and greyish blue 2. market movers section 3. Please show % change of price in TV charts, since previous up update not visible 4. Lastly integrate gtt and alerts price info in buy sell nudge option so we don't have to go back to see the details
Zerodha Kite:Problem no 1: Showing wrong price in the chart, while correct price on the label . Points to be noted- I'm using Candles stick chart, not heikin ashi. Problem no 2: most of the time whenever I open trading view chart, Chart IQ gets opens. Problem no 3: when I open the settings within the chart, it suddenly gets 4x zoomed, not able to change settings, nor able to save the changed settings. Problem no 4: when I open the chart of one stock , chart of another stock gets opened
Zerodha Kite:Application almost works fine but there are many problems which arises time to time :- ** Viewing Chart option many times glitches. +++++ Zerodha should add option for adding more watchlist which helps in watching stocks in different sectors. Atleast 10 watchlist should be available to each Zerodha user.
Zerodha Kite:Many times (especially crucial trading times) this app gets stuck.. shows different candlesticks before and after refreshing shows different.. sometimes doesn't show indicator. I thik this app helps big players in the market...
Zerodha Kite:Tradingview V2.0 is keep loading. Very slow. Need to close the app and relogin after every 10/15 minutes else error in data fetching. Cant save chart easily.every time need to draw. No inbuilt watchlist and many more This is not recommended for trading or scalping.
Zerodha Kite:Most of the time it shows time out error. Also very slow app. This app has only basic level functionality still it has tons of bugs and it lacks the user experience. Pathetic app.nost of the time does not work in market opening hours
Zerodha Kite:Very bad experience. Trying to create demat account for more than 15 days. Everytime it says "Digilocker status not complete". Tried everything, refreshing the documents in digilocker. Spoke with the customer care. Still the issue persists. Honestly lost patience to create account as the same issue was recurring always.
Zerodha Kite:Please reduce the downtime, and you are the best. I tried almost 20 brokers (big names), but those all are lazy. Edited: Please add an option to show tags in holding in the mobile app. I use Zerodha for various purposes, my all in one app. But I am confused about which trade I have taken for which purpose. Showing tags will solve the issue. Edited: Chart loading issues, indicators, and drawings are temporary and unsaved. Please fix.
Zerodha Kite:Latest addition of notes option in watch list is a great way to save our idea of a stock. It will be more better if this option is also given in portfolio stocks also. Else we have keep a separate watchlist for stocks in portfolio that will be some extra burden. Please alter. Also please simplify your statement viewing option Thanks.
Zerodha Kite:This app is very nice. But my only one complaint is that before trading view 1.0 is very useful for me. And I understand the chart very easily but now days this feature is changed. So that I don't understand the chart and design. So I request you sir 1.0 view not changed that and previously view still that. Thank you
Zerodha Kite:Arrogant platform that holds your money stating settlement calender ?? And irritates with N number of PIN and it's bug 2 factor non sense. One and only good thing is it didn't charge much but nowadays it's getting outdated. Everyone just migrate to other service provider if you are bothered about your mental peace and investments.
Zerodha Kite:Hello Team, I see one critical issue in the application, while opening app Its asking Biometric authentication. I do have biometric in my phone but it's disabled and I want pin to open application but it's always asking Biometric authentication. This should be optional based on how password is set in phone. I don't want to us biometric authentication sign-in I want to use PIN to login into application. Kindly fix this issue.
Zerodha Kite:Zerodha Kite is an outstanding trading platform that has revolutionized my trading experience. The interface is sleek and intuitive, making it easy to navigate and execute trades quickly. Real-time data, advanced charting tools, and comprehensive market analysis help me make informed decisions. The mobile app is just as powerful as the desktop version, allowing me to trade on the go seamlessly. I also appreciate the low brokerage fees and excellent customer support. Zerodha Kite is a must-have f
Zerodha Kite:UI is very disappointing. Homepage should show market data nifty sensex movers holding etc like other brokers Homepage. For almost every links it takes to Brower which is timetaking. Overall not recommended. Developer should have a look at other brokers homepage to improve kite.
Zerodha Kite:First of all if you have connected the smallcase and kite app to invest on smallcase. Why don't you remove everytime login? I personally annoyed with your this feature. First you login with your password.. Then enter the app code by checking on app but as you switch between the apps. It say incorrect... I am so frustrated... Why don't you make it simple like login with thumb expression on mobile password or some passkey . Finitoo.. Done. Khalasssh.. But no you want to make it super safe!
Zerodha Kite:The new interface is not good at all as well as it is very very complicated previous interface was too good and easy to handle i request you change the interface like previous one or bring new one but don't continue the current one it is very very bad.
Zerodha Kite:From past few weeks I'm facing some issues in Zerodha Kite like Chart preference limit reached & BO Order. I don't understand why there are limitations of saving charts. In other brokers, Auto Chart Save feature is there which I like the most. The trendline I draw, the text I wrote in charts It will be automatically save but In Zerodha kite there are no such features. So my request to Zerodha Team is to bring this feature & One more thing Add BO Order as soon as possible.
Zerodha Kite:Please create an option to categorise holdings view into different categories, i.e., sector wise, market cap wise, trade type (swing trade or long term), etc, and also keep one option as "Others" for customizable text /catagory. Add an option/ tab to view trade/ stock history in the app itself and not in console. which stocks purchased, when, how much, when sold, sell quantity, etc.
Zerodha Kite:I had placed an order at 11:05 when the price was around 6 to hedge my selling position, because of zerodha's great technical glitch my buy order went into pending even though it was a market order and my sell order got cancelled because of buy order being in pending, then after 10mins the price of the buy order went to 1.8 and then my order got executed at 6.5 causing me a loss, that too not only if the buy order difference also of the sell order I had made. App has too many technical glitches
Zerodha Kite:Chart version of trading view 2.0 is very glitchi, still it is asking to move to it, chart don't open and and keep on loading endlessly. And if I use tv1 that notification to move pop up everytime.. it is very irritating. Plz fix it first and then ask to move.
Zerodha Kite:Do following updates next time. 1. give facility to set the targets, SL in amount and not in percentage (we don't have enough time to calculate the level in percentage). request pending since 2021 2. Default + cursor comes again and again while scrolling the chart. 3. learn from upstrox a. their charts and handling the charts are far better than urs. b. they have designed very nice visualization of gtt order where all important levels are shown. c. they have come up with trailing stop loss now.
Zerodha Kite:Are you guys really serious by removing v 1.0 chart and the other 3 charts are not made for human use I think it's only for robots why no cursor, no left, right chart moving , no auto volume, lots of issue oh my god seriously you guys wanted to update. You should rectify all problems in these charts then only you should remove old chart V 1.0 which was best. Please show my message to your owner then may be he will put it back the old chart that was best in all charts.
Zerodha Kite:Kite by zerodha , service is good and easy to use ,but customer service is too hard in my language Kannada,even zerodha head office located in Bangalore,but there is no service in Kannada it's so bad . Please solve this problem, India has officially so many language, like Kannada,Telugu Tamil and other not only Hindi. And also funds withdrawal option it's too hard.
Zerodha Kite:I am using Zerodha from 2 years, but from past one month it perform really bad.. my screen is getting stucked for no reason, actually showing delayed details.. i am trading right now also and teh screen is jammed i am unable to see the current rates and everything... Your app is forcing me to switch to another broker r.... In placing Gtt order, i am facing problem... Kindly work on your servers .
Zerodha Kite:Previous trading view chart load quickly and conviniently but this new update crates lot of issues 1.chart taking much time to load and many times stuck 2. Save button option is not there On upper right side in mobile kite veraion in updates trading view chart. 3.previous old chart version is better.
Zerodha Kite:Their UI is way too old and god forbid if you try to use their UI on mobile due to any reason. Inwas one placing order and by default market order was selected, i wanted to set limit order, by the time my finger went on limit checkbox, sell button appeared in place of limit checkbox and i lost 2.5K on my HDFC holding due to their stupid glitch.
Zerodha Kite:It's simply horrible after the update.. twitted the problem to kamath sir also. He did nothing. At least trading view 1.0 was smooth. Your switching to trading view 2.0 has beome the first nail in the coffin of zerodha.. thinking seriously to switch to other broker. . Study pulse app from market pulse.. it has best inteface.. buy , sell , option, profit loss.. all in single screen
Zerodha Kite:App has an user-friendly and clean interface with advanced charting tools but it takes more time to load, real-time data, and customizable watchlists. More parameters can be given for fundamental analysis
Zerodha Kite:I am using this app for more than 5 years and I see no major changes in User interface. The UI looks outdated even for basic information to get 52 wk high of stock. We need hit many links.
Zerodha Kite:It's really need to do updates on the chart and other parts, but if i keep everything aside, at least provide some widgets to be able to focus on particular stock from holding.
Zerodha Kite:Stop loss order modification process take time so simplify it. eg having a position and also put sl, it now I want to modify it asking trigger price execution price it's really complicated. So add one click to modify button+1 point in single click
Zerodha Kite:Poor customer care service. No option to purchase and pay installment amount of right issue shares. We can't withdraw amount easily because it takes 2 more days time an lot of times it shows as failed. Worst customer care.
Zerodha Kite:I am trying to login the app during market hour....but it doesn't works and shows there is a network error from last 3 to 4 months... it allows me to login after 2 hours. Please look into this matter
Zerodha Kite:I saw various platform which they are also using TV charts, but they have more features/ tool option. Like OI profile which is available on sensibull charts but not in zerodha, what is the reason behind not providing tool.
Zerodha Kite:It would be better if everything was consolidated into a single app. Currently, use one app for mutual funds and another app, Kite, for stocks, making it difficult to manage both efficiently.
Zerodha Kite:I lost 320 points just like that, i was safe selling but zerodha did not execute at 50points loss, by the time app is working i am in loss of 320points, what a fradulent app and people don't trust trading anymore, for 30mins app did not work, unable to execute the orders. Give back my 15000rs back, can YOU? Time of loss -12/07/2024, 11:02.
Zerodha Kite:Checkbox saving system not working. Changes made to tradingview chart layout could not be saved. When close the application and relaunch after a minute, tradingview charts always open to default charts layouts. Clicking on "Checkbox" does not save the candle colour/background colour and trading view chart settings.
Zerodha Kite:The total application and web is good. But give us the stop loss and target in simplified way. Especially for f&o intraday. Whereever we put SL and target , it must execute.
Zerodha Kite:Is there a way to have more than 7 Watch lists? It would be nice if you guys cap total number of stocks we can add in a cumulative type but we can have as many as watch lists . As I like to segregate by some factors so would like to make more watch lists
Zerodha Kite:I used this trading platform for while. Now after using this I can say that placing order is smooth process and this app has simple interface. But comparing to other platform Zerodha does not offer wide range of feature for trading. I used other platform I can say this if Zerodha continuously ignoring this issue than Zerodha no longer the no. 1. Soon other platform start taking places. I hope Zerodha team taking this issue seriously and start providing more features for trading.
Zerodha Kite:Poor support from some of days... Very slow opening and buffering the application.. From last 1 month I experienced very very very third class very bad service by zerodha kite app. Always at trading time app goes fully slow and buffer.
Zerodha Kite:The new updates in fundamental are quite good but the view charts options has lot of intermittent bugs when clicked it shows charts of previous visited stocks not the current one.
Zerodha Kite:It's a scam. I downloaded the app and as soon as I downloaded the app 1st thing they charged me 200 then sign in procedure starts. After giving pan and aadhar details, they are asking us to type our name which should match the name in PAN. And I tried my name in all possible ways but it is showing PLEASE ENTER CORRECT NAME AS PER PAN. I tried to contact customer care through Learn More option-Creat ticket and i attached that page to customer care but it is showing session expired. Don't try it.
Zerodha Kite:The charts are not loading and getting stuck continuously. It has been very bad experience since a month or two. Please correct it as soon as possible
Zerodha Kite:First we have to pay fees to open the account. Then they mention that HDFC upi is list of accepted bank. But their app did not allow to link HDFC upi. Then when contacted Customer Care they pathetically ask to go and open another account. When I said I feel cheated close and refund my money they simply say as per T&c they won't refund. Sad . If a Customer is not able to use their app they sould simply refund and Let the customer go . Instead they blackmail to not refund once received. Shameful.
Zerodha Kite:Lot of inaccuracies in the display. Will show aggregation in 5 depth and incorrect values in 20 depth of orders. Inaccurate percentage display when filtering a portion of stocks from smallcase. Needs to fix .
Zerodha Kite:All of a sudden my charts user interface has changed. Earlier when i used to click on any candle, it used to show date of that candle along with high low open and close for that candle. Now it doesn't show all that information. Analysis of chart is really difficult on zerodha now. Also they changed analysis platform from tickertape to tijori which is now more complex and u.i is not user friendly. Day by day zerodha is experimenting new stuff and making user's life more difficult.
Zerodha Kite:Notes are good but it only work as long as stock is in your watchlist. If for some reason I change a stock from one watchlist to another or remove a stock from my current watchlist and again add it all the notes I created for that stock is lost. I think notes section would be more useful if my notes stick with stock for later reference.
Zerodha Kite:The app interface and experience is excellent Only one genuine suggestion, please add in app portfolio view rather than opening it on any browser such as chrome In app holding of different sector gives a detailed view of our holdings Viewing on some browser is an extra part!
Zerodha Kite:In the recent update, the fundamentals tab is worst, it is not showing accurate data, Stock price showing is wrong and 52week highs are showing wrong in so many stocks, Previously without tijori, it is very accurate. If a stock crosses it's previous 52 week high it will update within a day, But with this tijori, it is showing very long back 52 weeks high
Zerodha Kite:I am using this app since 5 yrs, but from 3-4 month, there are many issue while opening charts in mobile. zerodha had done previously many good things, but upgraded to trading view 2.0, I am not able to properly open charts.
Zerodha Kite:Ok lets suppose i am holding a CE position and my buy price is at 100rs and the option is trading at 120rs and my sl is at 110rs if the ce moved to 140rs and i move my sl to 130rs on my laptop but in the phone the sl remains on 110. And when the ce comes down to 105, it doesn't hit the sl. Because of which i have to take losses many times. Note- I buy the ce or pe from my phone application.
Zerodha Kite:The Notes in Watchlist feature is awesome and I was waiting for. The only thing is change Notes text color to some other color, so that clearly see it...
Zerodha Kite:The new update has just ruined the app experience. The new chart is not useful at all. Plus the fundamentals section is also changed which doesn't give much insights.
Zerodha Kite:New trading view 2.0 version in kite is not working properly and i am not able to save any chart analysis layout . When i opened any stocks or index chart to analysis it only shows loading screen which irritate me so please fix the problem
Zerodha Kite:When I place support resistance it always place in wrong place.. Very bad experience with this app because it is not working properly if you login into browser it will automatically logout from one.
Zerodha Kite:Regarding trading view chart, here so many peoples are using trading view chart so please do some improvements like trade on chart, for scalpers it is more useful, add some facility like quick buy and sell, position, and symbols on chart only,Actually we scalpers need this options so we can take more good trades. so the clients don't jump to another broker!
Zerodha Kite:Recently the chat is not working properly.the new chart layout trading view 2.0 is not up to the previous version.its not user-friendly and the saved items is not available properly.this is very disappointed me
Zerodha Kite:It would be great if you we can have a feature of adding stop loss and target in trading view chart like the one we have in chartIQ charts. It really helps in putting a perfect stop loss on premium charts which doesn't get hit in stop loss hunting. In chartIQ charts we can even drag our stop loss and trail it the same is missing and much needed in teading view charts. Also the trading view beta version's chart do not load in one go. It needs to be refreshed couple of time then it loads.
Zerodha Kite:Original: Patterns does not remain once i draw them. In some it remains but mostly it does not. It is very inconsistent. Please fix this bug. Update 1: what i am saying is that, patterns drawn on kite web is not reflected back on kite mobile and vice versa. Update 2: Yes, i am using trading view v2 on both web and mobile application. Still i face the same issue.
Zerodha Kite:Be careful while using kite, Everyday I am seeing in 1 min NIFTY FUT Chart the volume showed is completely mismatching when compared with GOCHARTING OR TRADING View. Check Fri 21st June at 2.35pm Kite is showing completely different volume as compared to Gocharting/Trading view in 1 min chart. This is one example I raised, but I am seeing many times Kite showing wrong volume in 1 min chart, because I trade in 1 min.
Zerodha Kite:Previously, I was used to see charts on Zerodha but now the condition is totally worst. Everytime it is buffering and we have to Waite for longer to see the charts. My review can be changed in future if Zerodha solves this issue.
Zerodha Kite:Zerodha launched trading view 2.0 but that doesn't open on the android mobile app. We need to revert to 1.0 to launch the chart on the mobile. I would have expected the company to have validated this feature before rolling it out to the world. Also noticed a difference between 1.0 and 2.0. For PSAR, at the same moment, my friend using 1.0 was seeing the dot at the top while me using 2.0 was seeing the dot at the bottom. Trades can go completely wrong due to such incorrect representation of data.
Zerodha Kite:From last 1 month charts are freezing and can't load properly many times on both web and mobile terminal fix this issue asap Always showing error with""error fetching data please try refreshing the chart""
Zerodha Kite:App is Good but Trading view 2.0 is not showing bar change value % like TV 1.0 version . Font size is so small and dull which is complicated for order placement . Do Needful Update Otherwise I will switch to Upstocks.
Zerodha Kite:Currently the events doesn't show the updated events and news, in contrast to what was visible earlier. Pls fix this. Events till May are visible, and nothing after that !
Zerodha Kite:I like the UI and the support system is responsive. But sometimes it won't authorise the password while opening the app.
Zerodha Kite:Zerodha is good, but it is really dissappointing that inspite of being technology driven, they are still not bringing one click alert on charts... I mean this is really an easy thing for them...They should understand that the current method for creating alerts is really slow and outdated...Please do something..when are you adding this feature? gave 2 stars earlier...now want to give zero for lagging and lagging..
Zerodha Kite:App getting logged out automatically frequently. At times, biometric authentication fails and shows some random network error followed by logout. This is being repeated 3-4 times a week, and I have to search find the username password and log in again. Also, the login page isn't properly integrated with Google password manager, it's not able to autofill username and password from you google account. Update: even after almost 3 months of reporting it, no fix yet.
Zerodha Kite:Please fix the issue from past 1week I m dealing with this. Chart not loading ,it just goes on circling... I have received login every time I change time frame or switch to other stock. Its frustrating to go through this.
Zerodha Kite:Most pathetic option chain on the planet ! Can't open charts for options from the chain ! Have to add to watchlist first to see the details of a particular CE/PE ! Cumbersome ! Not! Not recommended at all for option traders ! No instatrade!
Zerodha Kite:Please improve the UI. I wish to see the price graph very clearly. Providing Many options for viewing the live prices is okay but none of it helps. The view in portrait mode extend from top to bottom. Please narrow if down. No need to cover entire ui in portrait mode. The color contrast should be improved.
Zerodha Kite:At the time of opening the chart, there are so many problems faced. The chart is not opened properly, and it shows loading. Please solve the issues.
Zerodha Kite:The platform is very disappointing now. I can hardly ever see the chart, which defeats the purpose of using it. Whether it's the Android app or web application, I constantly need to close and reopen the application or refresh the chart window. It was a great platform in the beginning, but the developer has ruined it.
Zerodha Kite:Zerodha is a fantastic app for trading....like low brokerage charges and many more. But I would say that Zerodha should increase the quality of the chart ... Interface and most importantly they should increase the customer care experience like the staffs are Little bit rude. BTW great app
Zerodha Kite:Using from 4 years. Just one or two times some disturbance Where any other company 's app I using one or two days in a week orders cancel do to their margin money crashes I am using 99% the Kite app and fully satisfied of their service.
Zerodha Kite:The platform keeps lagging and the prices lately have been incorrect compared to the actually traded prices. The overall support system is very slow and tough to access.
Zerodha Kite:Kite has special affinity with chartIQ.. all the indicators and changes are automatically saved on charIQ, but never on Tradingview v1 or even on v2 beta. All change are gone after removing from recent tasks. Worst experience. Also the fonts in app as well as in website are so hazy and light coloured that they are not legible and eye strains are sure to happen in the long run.
Zerodha Kite:Charting platform has changed in new update, automatically switch the chart view, Difficult to trade with this update. Please make as it was without update and try again.
Zerodha Kite:I have been using this app since 2021 . Was amazing just befor 2 months. Now not able to open chart. Need to refresh many times. No t able to see settings of the current indicator applied in chart. Please get this resolved as soon as possible.. otherwise need to take a call to change broker as shifted to Zerodha because of flawless charts only ...
Zerodha Kite:Super convenient, prompt for keeping you updated. Shares exact information and in a very proper, exact way expected. Best app.
Zerodha Kite:It's the worst app....I have accounts in some other discount brokers...but this one keeps logging out automatically...amidst a trading day!!!!....if this happens again...I am switching Don't bother ...I found it out...before logging in using finger print if you tap back navigation twice you will be logged out of the app...and in my case since I use gesture navigation...it happens more frequently
Zerodha Kite:Day by day it's getting worser. To log-in I have to provide the PIN several times. Several times, it log-out. If a call or sms comes, it will be logged-out. It's becoming very unstable with many log-outs. Zerodha, please make this App more stable & feature-rich, since many are using this App for Trading while traveling. I have used Kotak Security App for Trading. It's very stable. once I Log-in, I stay in the App for 10 hours without interruption & Log-outs. After Settings also, NO CHANGE at all
Zerodha Kite:I have been a immense fan of Kite app for its app which is very lite and effeciency of charts and UI, But the Trading view 2.0 is causing immense issue when it comes to loading the chart or saving. Please do more testing to ensure you are not on a downfall mode due to this, as this is the entry point of any new trader to fall for zerodha.
Zerodha Kite:Full of glitches, that too during open positions, I've already lost a good amount of money due to zerodha's constant glitches and lags. Does not let us trade OTM options. Logs out automatically, asks to reset password and after doing all that doesn't let me log back in even after entering all right credentials. Pathetic. I've lost trust in zerodha. Going to switch to a more reliable broker even if it means paying a bit more.
Zerodha Kite:They have really messed up TV charts. Now TV v1 does not work, hangs frequently. TV v2 is still in beta and they have removed few control like cross hair and simultaneously scrolling Edit: TV v2 is extremely slow on kite app. TV v1 was working good but they are deprecating it. Please fix this. Something charts don't load at all
Zerodha Kite:Zerodha needs to fix this app. Been using Kite for a decade now, but it's gradually becoming unstable. This app has become very unresponsive. Prices stop updating real time unless you retart. Chats don't load. Orders are placed but don't execute & return canceled even if all triggers matched cause app stopped working suddenly. Login not working cause app interface not able to connect with server. Seriously! Can't imagine this is not being fixed.
Zerodha Kite:Zerodha is all over a good broker but it has simple interface they needs to make it little fancy and the main thing they need to improve is their fonts...fonts should be little bold and dark..as your fonts are very light..and also we cannot see option chart directly from option chain for that we have save in watchlist...so these are some necessary changes which is required the most...hope you do the needful.
Zerodha Kite:No smallcase filter like on web. Limited watchlists. I want to view 20 watchlists on my phone. Why artificially limit? Usefull stuff outsourced to sensibull, streak, tijori, tickertape. Have to use 5 apps to do something which Dhan shows in 1 app. ChartIQ seems pretty basic. Tradingview has lot of bugs where half the screen shows the graph axes when viewing option charts. Also all TV functions/indicators not available. Customer support is bad, closes tickets as resolved without fixing
Zerodha Kite:3 star for following reasons 1.Pointer on chart is not moving according to our trace. 2.Whatever saved/drawn pattern on the treadingview charts are not saved. It's auto refreshing everytime. 3.Login to kite app is bit slow now a days 4.watchlist is limited there is no improvement on changing view
Zerodha Kite:Although it is better than others but I still looking for more elegant and information design. It lacks some refinement in charting like it glitches or loads other chart which I was looking earlier on new scrip. Overall it is decent, but work on stability in market hours. __update__ Yes, it worked. Remove cache or reinstall. I think multiple updates may caused some glitches for me. I'll try for few more days and update.
Zerodha Kite:My concern was about instant withdrawal and now team has fixed the issue , Thank you so much. There is a bug in login screen, when i tap back twice on login screen, It takes me out and ask to enter user id,password and otp. Sometimes i accidentally tap back and it's so annoying to enter credentials everytime,Please fix this issue asap.
Zerodha Kite:Had heard alot about zerodha but opening an account is not easy here. The app has glitches when it comes to esign and after successfully doing it for 3 times it is still showing. Now its shows nominee email issue but when trying to resolve it again goes to esign . Customer care also not reachable. Not impressive.
Zerodha Kite:Very very bad expirince when starting . whenver i goes to start app requred fingire print . some time its open and work , some time just touch to fingerprint option popup shown on screen it dosent close . whole mobile running but unable to use other app becuse of this bug. So mutch fruststion on this time . need to reboot phone then go to use it. Pls remove this type of bug. The screen also shows use pin,if we goes to type pin it dosent work ??? Whay can kite app resolve this problem ??
Zerodha Kite:It used to be good a year ago but too many technical glitches these days. Charts don't refresh on real time. Holdings portfolio has glitches. Web portal hangs quite a few times. Splits and Bonus costs are not worked out on time. KYC issue was a nightmare as their call centre sucks !!! I would have rated this 4.5 a year ago but now its a 3 for me.
Zerodha Kite:Overally good app. Some drawback are there. If developer remove that. It will be best app. 1. More drawing canonot be saved. Limited drawing can be saved. 2.limited watchlist 3.Drawings are not save automatically. During save drawing good network required.
Zerodha Kite:This app crashes sometimes when I try to open the chart. Please fix it. Edit- I haven't faced this issue for a while. If it is possible, add up and down sign in the quantity so I can easily increase or decrease the number.
Zerodha Kite:Issue in candle stick charts. When I click One month chart it shows one year & higher. When I click 1 week chart it shows it shows last 6 months and so on. Extremely disappointed.. Unable to trade due to this issue. Kindly help regarding the same.
Zerodha Kite:Their is problem with theme option in chart. I created my theme with dark background and deleted it after some days. but it only shows deleted, but when next time i login the app the previous deleted theme appears back on its own even after deleting it. I tried creating other theme but the app also deleted the new theme and applied the previous deleted theme. Help to resolve the issue. the charts are taking too long to load because of the issue.
Zerodha Kite:I am new to this app, having opened my account just a week ago. To date, I have been unable to complete any transactions. None of my purchase attempts have been honored, and I am also unable to withdraw my money. The app indicates that I have an open order, yet all my orders have been rejected. My funds seem to be blocked by this application.I am considering discontinuing its use if this reflects the company's approach to handling customer funds.
Zerodha Kite:Needs ui improved. Kindly include these following. Top gainers, top loosers, active by value, active by volume for indices like nifty 50, nifty IT, FIN SERV, CONS PROD, PHARMA, etc. Kindly improve the ui. Will help us a lot. Otherwise bid prices, fundamentals, events all are very good. Keep it up. New edit. Kindy change the login screen format also. Have been logged out multiple times accidentally and is becoming an issue now. New edit. Thanks for the update but kindly bring it in mobile kite
Zerodha Kite:I am facing issues with charts it's get stuck with loading icon and charts are not opening in mobile and pc also it's shows (charts data fetching error) . Worst experience last 2 to 3 weeks. Pls fix it otherwise I am going to move on other broker
Zerodha Kite:My experience with Kite is getting worse day by day. It feels like I should leave it and join another platform. Its charts update very slowly and there are frequent glitches. This is a very bad experience.
Zerodha Kite:Very basic facility, many tools are not available. Dhan is much better specially for scalping very easily with drag and drop tool you can put order and stop loss. They have advance tools from Trading View, you have very old. The charges are 50% less in option trading. You do not have Tab version. Need good customer friendly app with easy tools.
Zerodha Kite:How confusing, complicated and less user friendly can an app be. I wanted to open an account and after multiple attempts it looked like i succeeded to open one but it's next to impossible to login.
Zerodha Kite:I open one stock chart and close it to open another. App still shows the previous stock's chart. Rven after restarting the application. This is happening for months, and you guys have still not been able to find a solution to it. Its such a shame.
Zerodha Kite:I need a option like multiple watchlist (including re-naming watchlist) under holding section in portfolio. . I have 60 stocks ... Some for short term .. some for long term investment and some for swing. It is very difficult for me to scroll and check each stock... If there is a option like how you have watchlist section (multiple watchlist with renaming). It will be good.
Zerodha Kite:Opening option chain takes a long time as it opens in sensibull window inside it. If I back from the option buy or sell window, then it takes me directly to the index's main window. Its so irritating, every other brocker in the market has way better option chain integration. Many times I have lost some points only because of this delay in option window opening. Please jntegrate it or I'm leaving the platform.
Zerodha Kite:very old version, not update new version. compare to others local app can perform better than this. but its very disappointed. in live trading its slow its take time to update LTP in options, n all others app showing same candle closing price. but in this app its showing different number. difficult to trade options.
Zerodha Kite:It would be better if the original form of describing a share specifically as a "LARGE CAP", "MID CAP" or "SMALL CAP" is back and NOT just the market cap amount! It helps in deciding the fund allocation quickly! * Update: Thank you! Changing rating from 3 to 5!
Zerodha Kite:The toolabar below graph showing percant change in graph time frame and the time frame like 1d,1mnth,1yr,etc is not visible on web mode its handy please improve...Writing this here cause don't know where to give this feedback... Edit1- Using chart IQ still not visible... Browser - Samsung Interner... Don't want to change browser...
Zerodha Kite:This app should get zero rating. Friday I placed an order 10:54 A.M The purchase was not made at that time nor was it allowed to be modified or cancel the order. Later, when the share rate came down, I got the purchase At that time also there was a technical issue but the purchase was done.The app purchase time is 11:01:26 and contract note purchase timing 10:59 it's huse diffrence. They get profit because of us and they are doing Frod with their own clients.zero company customer support.
Zerodha Kite:Facial terrible issue most of the times while trying to add funds, Amount is getting deducted from account but not credited, Getting refund after 2-3 days But it's affecting the process, since the amount is blocked for this period
Zerodha Kite:I cannot able to see the saved template. when i draw a trend line and click saved templates, it's loading for long time and not showing any saved templates
Zerodha Kite:Fund balance cannot be withdrawn.Though the minimum withdrawal balance is more than Rs. 100, the status shows failed. Also, as the days pass and withdrawal is placed again some amount keeps reducing. Please resolve this issue.
Zerodha Kite:Worst experience. Can't even save my trend lines on charts that I have drawn for trade. Every time I have to draw the trend lines again & again.
Zerodha Kite:MFA code should be shown as push notification instead of in-app popup. Since to open app we need to authenticate again which acts as resistance. As a result it provides bad UX while logging into web interface.
Zerodha Kite:Unable to login, taking so much time for that 2FA security. Authentication in progress. Always logging me out anytime between trading hours. Throw it in garbage.
Zerodha Kite:Third class app in first time of active any sagment team is unable to help and each and every time create ticket and main thik is that no any answer for ticket and request to customer care team they just spoke with learning line only. Not good to use.
Zerodha Kite:Very poor support services. I tried to reach them out several times today but no support executive was ready to answer the call. Due to this technical issue I had to take loss.
Zerodha Kite:Now a days TV 1 not too convenient it don't show how much % the stock is change in value and other things as also not so good in new update. In that have too much bugs . So please resolve it as early as possible.
Zerodha Kite:Issues are not resolved timely...backend team lacks knowledge . Whenever there is issue with site backend team tells us to go to trade book and check out buying average and then sell...as if we have only one work in life .. further even if we try to go to trade book, we get error in fetching the report.. basically it's a bo broker app but u r completely handicapped if software related issues. Arrogant staff, no easy availability over call. Orders pending not executed. Shame zerodha
Zerodha Kite:I have been using this app for two years and it really is the best stock broker. The interface is clean easier to understand than most other brokers and has no recommendation on stocks which I like.
Zerodha Kite:Only the interface is good ... still I use it for being simplistic ... earlier the fundamental and tech analysis used to be simple and organised too ... presently this Tijori info looks all jumbled up ... unorganised ... so only for analysis of stocks I use Grow
Zerodha Kite:Don't ever open account in zerodha it's better to open with angel one atleast the app work smoothly today I lost 4500 because of zerodha .. have ordered midcap expiry immediately prices went down what happened i cancelled my order..and it haven't cancelled for about 4 hrs n even not reflecting in positions so a can square off my position...after 4 hrs I came to see my position are seen in my app n laptop the loss was 4500 ...this was not first time app keeps on hanging and it dont login ...very
Zerodha Kite:I lost Rs 12,000 due to technical issue with zerodha kite. I have placed order at 9:30 it didn't get executed and my money got deducted during intraday trading. Called customer care several times and call didn't get connected. At 10:33 I got popup that the order is executed and I have exited my position which resulted in loss. If my loss is not refunded, I will file a law suit against kite.
Zerodha Kite:The stocks I sold suddenly reappearing and I lost my money. Starting I was thinking by mistake I might bought or sold the share but when I was busy still someone buy and sold from account. I lost my amount . Today also it happened twice with me. It's not a safe account. Someone from broker side might booking orders.
Zerodha Kite:Chart laging often and keep making every second dash and keep goes on , in options one click option chain feature missing, can't trade on premium chart .
Zerodha Kite:For the last month it has just been going in an endless loop of login without any indication of what the issue is. Extremely disappointing.
Zerodha Kite:New update is bad Privious fundamental analysis was much better than tijori ,add suggestions like entry point good or bad as before new update is very confusing for investor to get fundamentals previously it was simple and easily understandable
Zerodha Kite:Never do any such thing i.e. zerodha install or do not open a demat account in it. It gives the worst service, it crashes repeatedly, does not let you login after logout and shows user profile not found, so please don't trust on zerodha last 10 day kiye was not login problem user not found
Zerodha Kite:Don't know what testing of the app is been done... Always so many problem while selling and buying... Will switch to another app soon... They don't have support team strength.. hardly will pick call at time of emergency... Extremely disappointed
Zerodha Kite:worst app ever. I bought the first stock, the default got closed and the payment refunds have not been received for more than 6 days. very bad experience with this app
Zerodha Kite:Very good trading app. Having used many trading platforms, kite is the best one. The charts, other features available on app is so easy for trading.
Zerodha Kite:Worst app I placed a trade it didn't execute at the time and it executed automatically after sometime when I checked later I was in a heavy loss when I complained they said they couldn't do anything
Zerodha Kite:the app was suggested by a family friend. But after completing the registration I am unable to login and couldn't fetch my login ID after several attempts in last two days
Zerodha Kite:Lagging this App continuously, major of times while open chart on different time frames like daily, weekly or monthly , lagging observed even in good network connection.
Zerodha Kite:Why the fundamentals section interface changed..it was very good before and graph is also not loading properly as before... bring back old version
Zerodha Kite:There are frequent problems with extremely sluggish chart opening. I want to take it off my phone. There are additional brokers available in the market.
Zerodha Kite:Problems are more with zerodha Problems are Order execution, authorisation, charts not visible such problems are regular. And interface not user friendly.
Zerodha Kite:Hold and for exit on going trade screen and switching to same screen from any other app trade screen stop on last value. This is very major and old bug . Kaise fuddu developer hai and same fuddu tester and fuddu technical lead. Fuddu team andhe ho kya. Kro fix ise on priority.
Zerodha Kite:I dont see Notes option for my portfolio stocks. Can you please extend Notes feature to the portfolio stocks as well.... Notes seems to be a very useful and handy ...
Zerodha Kite:It's a sustained gradual deterioration of KITE platform. Nobody in the team cares! Position (F&O) stopped displaying percentage of daily changes. Disgusting.
Zerodha Kite:Will have to migrate my account... Unable to proceed the order. Though authorisatiin has been done in 9:10, still shown as authorisation failed... The share inwant to purchase, is also showing in open order .. and unabel to cancell.. so annoying
Zerodha Kite:Very good stock market trading app. 7/11- Request to provide one more sorting option in portfolio on total value (investment+profit/loss) so can see where highest money and where least.
Zerodha Kite:The app was good but new version is very confusing, showing only OHLC prices but not showing percentage on charts.
Zerodha Kite:Very bad experience, Orders placed ate not reflecting, cant sell orders, have to bear losses. Very high brokerage charges. Want to rate -ve star if exist.
Zerodha Kite:The new trade view chart is pathetic. It just won't open. Seems like UI experience is getting degraded at each update
Zerodha Kite:Not working properly in Samsung galaxy s24 ultra , displaying only white screen when launching. Note : already tried clearing cache and data :)
Zerodha Kite:Worst trading app. This app will have lagging most of the time due to some of the refreshing/mantainance activity by the backend team. Because of their negligence, I bear loss on my stock. Please improvise your app.
Zerodha Kite:Bad service for now. Let us work together and solve the problems I already had answered and called a lot too. Once solved, about in a month max, how fast, then only I might think of review again...
Zerodha Kite:I am using kite app since last 4-5 years, but after updation of this app and new trading view chart 2.0, the app chart didn't opened during market hours. So pse resolve it......
Zerodha Kite:New update sucks a lot. Unable to see news as it's showing from some Tijori and earlier it was easy to go and check latest news. Switching to another broker
Zerodha Kite:Glitches while in the trade is all that zerodha can offer you. One cannot change theme for default layout, has to delete all the saved layouts to change it.
Zerodha Kite:In new version lots of complaints shows as trailing user. I have also facing issue and coming soon coming soon everywhere. Team zerodha, We have give lots of money, only some customers deal in equity for free. Please updates and resolve issues
Zerodha Kite:Facing multiple times logout issue . although I have given finger print authentication still facing the same issue with the app although enable security option
Zerodha Kite:My issue was resolved. And now I can use this app freely. It'd be great if it came with a learner video or something for beginners.
Zerodha Kite:Chart not opening after recent update. Chart of any indices or stock isn't getting open just showing 3 dots when tapping on view chart option. After Market Hours.
Zerodha Kite:This app did not show a proper price chart and hung so many times, but the only thing good about this app is depositing and withdrawing money instantly.
Zerodha Kite:Random logout issue is pathetic. As have 2 devices have always have to authenticate most of time. No use of android app in this case.
Zerodha Kite:I use this app from last 3/4 years but now days this app have every second day a glitch or technical issues I use this app for investing n trading both few months ago but due to these glitch or technical issues I have shifted to other app for trading because it's too risky for F&O trader's I'm a big fan of nitin kamath sir this is the time to take a strong action from him or this run this way very soon zerodha will loose there commanding position to others
Zerodha Kite:Not good new version. Old version is better than new. Very confusing data. We want simple data as old version
Zerodha Kite:Are you guys idiots or what are you guys running a game app, I'm worried why I'm locked out of my account on checking there update pending in app store, don't able to send a popup notification or any type notification that please update the app.
Zerodha Kite:Excellent application, easy to navigate and contains all the necessary details and features.
Zerodha Kite:It's NAV allotment of the purchased fund is not fair, even it's happening again and again. You are purchading funds before 12 am but they will allot you the NAV of next day which is causing huge loss. Even there customer service is not helping and manipulating you.
Zerodha Kite:I dont understand why a leading broking app do not speed up their app....almost all the time i look so lame watching and waiting for the chart to open.
Zerodha Kite:Very show app... just Looting people, go for other app..I will suggest,hi ppl , plz don't use kite app.... it will lost your all capital, go for Angel one&grow, kite is very slow app,&it does not open on time, Zeroda is third class ,service, plz don't use kite zeroda, go for other app
Zerodha Kite:App is too slow. I have placed an order to purchase stock even many times the bid price touched but order did not take place.
Zerodha Kite:I am a new user and unable to login to the app, the bank account is not getting linked even though the account linking amount has been deducted thrice.....
Zerodha Kite:Order windows update not good very confusing even all details same. new fundamental shows by tijori not good even can't see news and events so how we track upcoming events 9r news of stock its dengerous
Zerodha Kite:initiated but order and now it's showing it in my pending queue but I can't cancel it due to system glitch, it's showing as can't be cancelled as it is being processed..
Zerodha Kite:Trust me zerodha was the best platform some years back, i am using it from 4 years But now my biggest problem is charts, it takes so much time and many time it lags to load charts when we open them even i am using a good internet connection this problem does not arrises in angelone but in zerodha I don't know why it is always a problem i have to restart the app to access charts
Zerodha Kite:Price change percentage is not showing up in trading view charts after the recent upgrade. this is basic feature which has to be fixed urgently otherwise customers will switch to other platform. Please make sure trading view charts are thoroughly tested and working properly. Customers cannot use zerodha if trading view charts are not working properly
Zerodha Kite:Last few months i facing many issue in chart loading and fetching details sometime its not even open specially premium charts . i hope you will solve soon coz other broker provide good quality of Speed and experience.
Zerodha Kite:Dear Zerodha plz update one version like chart design and chart pattern save untill we delete it. Like trend line we draw and next day again we have to draw same. But in many other app this facility are there like trading view Edelweiss and so on. So plz look in to this and update it will best for all and less rework. As we trade in zerodha and have to check chart in another app.
Zerodha Kite:Dear team, I suggest you to please give +- button for Lot/quantity enable to add/decrease lots. It reduce manual calculations and will help us for quick move.
Zerodha Kite:Chart editing and saving problems are coming after launching of trading view version 2. Many times error are showing again and again while saving the chart editing... Pls resolve the issue... On mobile problem is coming too much
Zerodha Kite:Worst app, not any type of option chain as well chart drowing were not saved, highest brokerage in the field, slow exicution, no chart treading, otm stricks were not allowed to carry forward. Sooo many problems as well not adding this features in time because of this I'm swifting to another broker.
Zerodha Kite:The interface is to the point. Neet and clean. To me Zerodha is the most dependable platform so far for investing. Thank you!
Zerodha Kite:Why This Changes did in application basic things required because all are set some indicators now unable to see Our data...it's just wasting time to search all things from basic...See towards application once
Zerodha Kite:Worst Trading app in the market, no customer support, arrogant support staff. they are not even aware of their platform glitches and losses to Where should I send my ticket ? Is this again a formality from your support? To showcase fake goodwill.
Zerodha Kite:The Kite app by Zerodha is excellent for its intuitive interface, robust trading features, and seamless integration across devices. It's a great tool for both beginners and experienced traders alike.
Zerodha Kite:Request you to don't disturb anything by adding extra features and over load the app.100% Perfect. Used almost all trading apps, but this is ultimate. Required only one information 52 week high low in depth and give pre defined market watch like nifty bank, nifty IT. It's perfect developer team. A big salute...
Zerodha Kite:I have an idea for you, I don't know would you consider or not. In the app's search box section have a filter for watchlist, just like that can you make a small filter option in search box for all category market or stock to find a stock for new and beginner trader to better understanding.
Zerodha Kite:Extremely disappointed with Kite Zerodha. In May 2024, TradingView 2.0 charts didn't load, disrupting my trading. On June 2nd, the app failed for 15 minutes, preventing me from booking profits. There's no accountability from Zerodha. This lack of reliability, especially during critical events like elections, is unacceptable. Worst experience ever, and I can no longer trust this platform for trading. I hope this review prompts necessary improvements.
Zerodha Kite:The charts are not saving again and again I've been adding indicators and all lines of resistance and support. Please check it.
Zerodha Kite:While Ihave liked the kite app, I have one suggestion: When buying a stock, on the same screen the total available fund also should be displayed. So that we don't have to go to the funds page and remember it.
Zerodha Kite:New update for bad for my kind of beginners , fundamental has changed , I can't see , valuation high or low , growth, entry point and red flag ... Please back to new update otherwise we have to move to another app
Zerodha Kite:There is issues in trading view 2.0. Not able to remove the indicators which we have applied. Kindly look into this.
Zerodha Kite:Experiencing heck lot of errors lately (error fetching data ), and please don't tell me to check internet connection I've got Highspeed internet. Kindly improve your services. This errors can cost someone monetarily
Zerodha Kite:Recent days i gave technical glitch as it is taking atleast a minute to open. The app developers should improve like Groww and other brokerage apps that are much faster. Even after verifying biometrics if the app takes time to get in then the developers should work on it to improve the user experience. Disappointed being one of the users of Zerodha in recent days.
Zerodha Kite:Overall Good But i have two problem 1. Charts are little bit laggy. So please correct it in next update 2. The UI is very basic please make it little bit colourful like nuvama's app
Zerodha Kite:With this version of kite ,facing lot of problem in fetching charts.many times they will not open only and if opened will not allow to use various indicators properly
Zerodha Kite:Mutual fund are wrongly alloted, purchased on 4th before 2 pm but NAV was alloted for 5th June, they have a bad payment aggregator and they are not ready to change. My money was deducted instantly and zerodha acknowledged it on mail.
Zerodha Kite:Under portfolio, there is no any option to sort the stocks with respect to XIRR. This will really help investors to decide which stock is giving overall good or bad return throughout the duration.
Zerodha Kite:Very bad experience right now. App is very slow & chart section is not working properly, different different glitches in charts. Zerodha must have to resolve
Zerodha Kite:Below average service untrusted platform, these days application goes down intentionally during market time, chart will not load/function properly in both trading view, i would say upstox is working better and more reliable. Beware!!
Zerodha Kite:Far behind from their competitors. Opening charges and api access is to costly when others are providing free. Will not recommend any one. From features point of view also not upto the mark.
Zerodha Kite:Its Was A Beautiful App Till Now, But New Updates In Chart & Graph Sucks, Its Really Slow, Lacks Many Information, and just Hangs in Between For No Reason.... Older Version Was Far Far Far More Batter.
Zerodha Kite:Fix bugs please, charts not flashing properly. All settings are getting changed automatically. Developers do take your job more seriously.
Zerodha Kite:Hi I am a small investor in zerodha but today when i click in fundamental I am not liking because old fundamental option is good showing all in one page and now very difficult to see promoter holding and revenue profit very very big page and clicking clicking option is too irritating
Zerodha Kite:Wow! Zerodha !!!! Updated app has incredible fundamental information, everything in one place, otherwise which has to be searched on separate resources. Great job!!!
Zerodha Kite:Great experience with this app....specially the customer support is great, I haven't discover everything but whatever I have experienced is very satisfied.
Zerodha Kite:Becoming really hard to operate on this app. Charts, studying trends is a big problem in here. Stocks don't even load a lot of times.
Zerodha Kite:If the system is ideal for 5 mins, We have to refresh the page and it takes 20 to 30 sec to reload. Fix this problem soon. Don't tell to check the internet connection, amount using jio fibre.
Zerodha Kite:Earlier we were able to see if a stock is large cap or mid cap or small cap by looking at a stock fundamentals but after updating the app, we are getting information via Tijori which does not provide this very essential information.
Zerodha Kite:App is not working properly if you open a chart on short time frame it will show you perfectly but if you will open on bigger time frame it takes too much time Dhan is better than kite but dhan customer support is not good when kite customer support is very good.
Zerodha Kite:Very user friendly and easy to use. Reducing the rating due to pathetic customer service experience. Called today customer care to address my issues, customer care representative did not resolve all my issues and cut call in between, due to this reduces the rating. After the issue is resolved, shall increase rating.
Zerodha Kite:After 7 am , it's not showing my investment and basic details. Nice app .. after giving annual fee what we're getting . Zero special features, 100% crash app, Seriously pathetic Engineering team zerodha.
Zerodha Kite:They are collecting Rs 200 at initial stage itself ie before registration. I am unable to complete the registration though my name was given as in pancard correctly error shows in their app.worst app.They have not returned the money.
Zerodha Kite:From last few months, chart is not working properly, most of the time its stuck, trading view 2.0 chart also not working well, angel one is better,
Zerodha Kite:I updated kite this time and for checking fundamental I clicked on the but you have changed the application in your new update we cannot see the ana list view to buy or not, entry is good or not and other this which were present in the previous one. Jaisa inter face pehle show hota tha points me waisa hona chahiye
Zerodha Kite:So bad experience. First you pay 200 to open an account and then they will show to wait for 24 hours. And it took 7-8 days to open my account then again inside if you have to activate f&o option again we have to wait 12 hours more. And the worst part is I applied for f&o activation on 6 June and I was able to in segment modification request list. Today I again checked but there was nothing they didn't even activate my f&o and I applied again today. Let's see what happens. What a drag seriously.
Zerodha Kite:Easy to use have all the features that any trader wants. Any other improvements that you guys think please do it so we can have even better trading experience. Thank you
Zerodha Kite:Loading of charts is time consuming from couple of months. Even after complaining to zerodha nothing happened. Zerodha neglecting customer's grievances and don't want to improve their service. Frequent hanging of app is usual now. It is better to switch another broking agency.
Zerodha Kite:Many a times while viewing chart of selected company, it shows chart of previous compay viewed earlier. Also some indicators applied are not visible until refreshed.
Zerodha Kite:Zerodha trading view version V1.0 better than new version Beta V2.0. V2 version indicator and others symbol is not good. Zerodha old trading view V1 version was best and it's symbol and it's easy used so please activate so customer is used as per choice thanks Yours user
Zerodha Kite:Charts are not loading , even after refreshing several times. Not even in PC or mobile phones. Lag a lot. Zerodha is becoming worst platform day by day. Need to switch on other trading platform.
Zerodha Kite:The charting experience was more than great before trading view beta version now with trading view beta version it is nightmare. Hope this gets to the team and make some changes
Zerodha Kite:Very bad experience.... It hangs too many times... When we want to exit we can not and then we go in loss.... I think this is the technique of zerodha to earn money....
Zerodha Kite:Zerodha should also make (add notes) option available for portfolio section . That is also one of the important area for kite users & investors. I also want this as features in portfolio section.. So do this as soon as possible, its a request and suggestion too..
Zerodha Kite:Most of the time error in fetching data while switching call chart to put chart or put chart to cll chart premium.... And after placing order premium chart candles shows wrong price of the last candle. Every time i have to close the app and reopen it to fix this errors. Please fix this
Zerodha Kite:It doesnt have a proper userid and password reset, once you click on forgot userid, it asks for password reset and then again asks for userid. Fedup doing it multiple times and there is no offline support
Zerodha Kite:This app is so slow. Sometimes it just keeps me waiting to load. I have been thinking to switch to other platform if it remains like this.
Zerodha Kite:Due to technical error I almost almost at loss, you have to make the apps better so that we don't have technical issue at the working hours..today again and again issue i loss money because of technical issue
Zerodha Kite:Really irritating when finger print login fails, it asks for user name, password, OTP again. Why can't retry biometric login again instead asking for user name and password with OTP.?
Zerodha Kite:Everything was fine until you'll replaced the original 'fundamentals' section with the Tijori thing. Can you please give an option to revert back.
Zerodha Kite:Too much lag. It's very difficult to use app nowadays. Console, charts take too much time to load.
Zerodha Kite:There are only 7 watch list which can't increase as per individuals requirements.If i want to creat watchlist for each industry segment then I can't do that.i need to combine multiple sectors under 1 watchlist which is different to segregate stocks on the basis on their business category.
Zerodha Kite:Earlier version was good but in version 2.0 mobile app there is no chart saving option and now chart is not opening. Zerodha must fix this issue ASAP after this update 2* rating
Zerodha Kite:It has features like banking tracker and infra trackers. But to open them, we need to login in webpage. Why is this feature unavailable in the app itself?
Zerodha Kite:I m using kite since 4 years now , but there are some things I feel is missing like those in Fyres . Mainly place order from the chart and traling stoploss . Can you please add those in your app too
Zerodha Kite:My friends, relatives and including me,we all are using Zerodha and now this stupid updation we are thinking to start groww app, because after this updation we can't see chart properly and news related update,
Groww:It's an outstanding app with some truly unique and very helpful features. The brief time I spent exploring it proved to be incredibly valuable. The ability to track all potential investments for both myself and my family is incredibly convenient. Simple, intuitive, and highly efficient platform. I'm confident that any minor issues will be smoothed out over time. I wholeheartedly recommend this app.
Groww:Wrong dashboard showing in my portfolio. Since long time decimal numbers are not showing on dashboard. I had raised ticket on that but they are unable to provide solution. Multiple time I have connected with customer Care but they are unable to provide solution. When Decimal amount is my investment amount then how am I not able to see those? It's really upsetting. Very bad experience with this app. Wrong information and wrong portfolio always make people to get losses. Really very bad experience
Groww:The app truly impressed me with its most helpful and user-friendly interface and seamless navigation. It provides a wide array of features that effectively cater to various needs, making it incredibly versatile. With regular updates, this app is on track to become truly exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend it for its promising utility and convenience.
Groww:The app is user-friendly and stable. Just a suggestion: it would be great if all investments could be viewed on one page with a pie chart showing the breakdown, like 60% Mutual Funds and 40% Equity. This feature would enhance the overall experience. Keep up the good work!
Groww:The app's interface is incredibly user-friendly and a pleasure to use compared to other brokerage platforms I've tried. To enhance the experience even further, I suggest adding the current stock price and a sparkline to the Stock Events section. This would provide a quick and easy way to identify potential stocks for my watchlist based on their price movements.
Groww:Extreme Deterioration in Support and Service. Mutual Fund holdings are incorrectly displayed in the dashboard. Not getting updated after redemption. Tried calling and emailing multiple times but no solution is being provided. Extremely long wait times during calls and even when you manage to connect, they only ask for feedback without doing anything to solve the issue. They didn't even bother to create a new ticket after the call.
Groww:I've been started using the Grow app from just few months,I was impressed by its clean,intuitive design.The interface is user friendly, making it easy to navigate through different sections and acess all tools. But one thing is that when set alaram for specific activity for stock, it just gives silent notification and didn't show what activity is happened (eg. we set alarm for decrease of prices for different stocks it doesn't show the activity) can u make sure asap update this.
Groww:I guess I am satisfied with what I've experienced in groww... although I heard some cases where other customers went through something... but in my case... the things I've experienced and realized is every has some issues... I quite like the interface here... plus making orders is quite easy... and charges are too low for the investors who've just begun. In the end, I've some suggestions for groww like improving customer support, also the app speed... and the graphs too that's it.
Groww:A good platform for partaking in the share market for new investors. The app has a beautiful UI combined with good Ux enabling easy operation. But it's also prone to various bugs, errors and service issues. The developers must focus on maintaining smooth operation and hug fixes while introducing helpful features.
Groww:Must delete this app as soon as possible as This app always helped me book Looses as when u see profit in Option trading u wont be able to exit but when it shows losses u can definitely book it... i have reported this problem once but didnt get any result and dont think they can give any!!! If u hv downloaded it mistakenly delete it if u want to continue trading.
Groww:My overall experience is good with the app. The only issue I am facing recently is the capital gain statement report for stocks. Even though I am trying to generate report for the previous financial year, it is including transactions from the current financial year as well. I am not able to calculate capital gains from my statement and need to manually calculate it because of the issue. Request Groww team to resolve this issue asap
Groww:This app Portfolio view is the worst in the industry. Completely change the portfolio view and save groww app. Portfolio doesn't give much info in one look. Look in to other demat app portfolio explaination in one place every info. Animation between switching tabs is not required. Quick switching is good No animation required between holdings and watchlist tabs. .I love this interface with green & black. It's cool. But there is no option to edit our watchlist to arrange in our own order.
Groww:Though very basic & lacks a lot of functionality, it is well laid out and intuitive to use. Web app has no feature parity with the Mobile counterpart and vice versa, which could be confusing at times. It has a long way to go in ironing out persistent bugs. Customer support people are hopeless. They lack minimum IQ to understand the stated issues leave alone solve them.
Groww:Update:- now a days app working good. Old:- One star for reply from groww to their user, "This was one time technical issue which has been resolved". How many one time issue you have?. Copy pasted for mostly every review posted here by user. App is saying something went wrong. Even after update to latest version. Are you guys really testing features before release? Very disappointed. Kindly do not say to contact us on our customer care. Stop replying copy pated messages every time.
Groww:It sounds like you're suggesting an enhancement to a trading and charting application. Being able to customize and edit the watchlist on the right top side of the chart could indeed be a valuable addition for users. I'll make a note of your suggestion and pass it along to the development team. Adding this feature could definitely enhance the overall user experience.
Groww:The UI is intuitive and helpful, but unfortunately the customer service is disastrous. They don't respond to your tickets for more than a day even though they say they'll update in 24 hours. Arranged a call twice, didn't get a call the 1st time, and got a recording the 2nd time that played for 10 seconds. After trying multiple times, finally talked to a person, who just repeated the same stuff, instead of understanding or trying to resolve it. Faced lots of technical glitches too.
Groww:Love the app. But hate the UI. Just want to say that the holding dashboard should be reorganized on the app. I personally feel it is very confusing. I'd say the web version is much better. I have all the info in one glance. On the app, i have to click to check different info on LTP, avg hold price, changes in values and percentages etc., would be great if web view can be applied to app.
Groww:The app truly impressed me with its most helpful and user-friendly interface and seamless navigation. It provides a wide array of features that effectively cater to various needs, making it incredibly versatile. With regular updates, this app is on track to become truly exceptional. I wholeheartedly recommend it for its promising utility and convenience. Really Nice Application.
Groww:It's been over 2 weeks and over 10 working days. The app has some "technical difficulty in opening an account". None of the customer executives are able to tell me why. An odd thing that I noticed - the customer support section on the app does not open. I had to go on google to find out their email/ mobile number. I have sent a mail asking them to cancel my application and delete my personal information. Really pathetic service.
Groww:Absolutely pathetic app, you can't exit your order at market price if you have placed a target and SL. If we exit at chart screen with and B and S option orders doesn't get executed, we need to exit twice. Absolutely horrible app, zerodha is better for order modification. Absolutely nightmare. If you want to connect to support for urgent matters, call gets connected only after 10 mins. lots of losses may happen due to technical glitches with app and they don't take any accountability for it.
Groww:I recently started my investing journey with the Groww app, and it has been an incredibly smooth and user-friendly experience. The app makes it so easy to invest, keep track of all my holdings, and compare different funds. The interface is intuitive and well-designed, allowing even beginners to navigate and understand their investments effortlessly. I highly recommend Groww to anyone looking to start investing or manage their existing portfolio with ease.
Groww:Such a horrible experience. When the market crashes this application also crashes, leaving no chance to buy or sell stocks during that time. I tried to contact customer care and they never care about our issues. Not able to make good profits due to application fault. Hope there is any option for minus (-) rating.
Groww:From being the best app to not even close to normal or worst trading app now, plenty of bugs, app glitches and lags alot, have been a groww user since 2 years now, and now its the most worst experience with groww. Have complained multiple times regarding charts freezing suddenly during market hours, pressing back button from a chart or company, will take the app directly to the main home screen, apps takes time to load, very slow and disappointing. Groww use to be really good before a few update
Groww:A recommendation to you guys, being new to this app and stock market i have clicked on "Sell at market price" in a few cases mistakenly and the app just sold my stocks. There should be a re-confirmation taken from the user like "Do you really want to sell it as per market price" "Yes or No" option. Cuz i lost my bidding opportunities due to these errors from my end. This option may prevent a lot of errors of new users. The app works really smooth, and i really love the dark theme.
Groww:I'm using a SAMSUNG Android tablet with a keyboard. In this environment, the app should support fixed landscape screen mode. However, this app doesn't support appropriate landscape mode. All objects on the screen are small, and it's uncomfortable for me. Please update to support landscape screen mode.
Groww:The app is easy to use right from opening your account to placing orders for investment. The UI is clean and intuitive. I wish they add a widget to track your investments and/or indices. Also a 'lights out' dark mode with a black background would be nice.
Groww:Amazing app with awesome support and bang on usability. A finacially illeterate like me also could take decisions based on the data and information available in the app...this is how a successful product can be created. Am very happy to use the app especially coming from a non-financial academic background.Hope you guyz are able to continue the good work and are ready for a lot off user load which is coming your way as this app is going to rock.
Groww:Very good user friendly app. Every user has all the options to operate it according to his choice. Money transfer and withdrawal is so easy. But reports should be in pdf format only. Some of them are in xls which are not helpful for the users to get print out and see in the portrait size. Please improve that. Regards
Groww:Since the recent update, the fingerprint scanner no longer works to open the app, though it works fine on other apps. Entering my password each time is inconvenient. Additionally, the brokerage fees are quite high, and it feels like I give more to brokerage than I earn. I hope these issues get fixed soon.
Groww:I have been using this app for more than a year now, and my review is genuine. No doubt this app is user friendly to invest. Gives you a lot of insights and helps to invest in stocks and mutual funds quickly. Off late, there has been issues with the dashboard not getting updated, showing wrong values etc. Customer support won't understand the issue unless you escalate, and the issue re-occurs. App is slightly skewed towards some stocks I felt, when compared to others.
Groww:I am using this. It has lots of errors. Fund transfer errors very frequent. Amount gets deducted from bank but doest show in grow. There is no customer support also. You end up with huge losses due to error in software as stock prices moves. Automated message days resolving issue takes 7 working days. In 7 days stock prices will change or contract will expire.
Groww:It seems there might be a problem with the app. When I enter a trade, the price suddenly increases by 3-4 rupees, and when I'm about to exit with a profit, the exit doesn't execute. It only exits on the second or third attempt. Today 29 July-24 again same things happen 4 time can't *exit* after I on profit...now I going to close account asap
Groww:Worst app when required, it doesn't work properly, moving to upstokx, guys whenever there is high volume of transactions, groww app reducea to add balance and make purchase and this is not the first time it has happened, in past also same situation which clearly proves that they are doing this purposely and putting retailers into losses.
Groww:Worst one. Don't go through it. It's just like a trap. You will lose your money. I ordered 2 same items (only print different) at a time. But they created it 2 different order with different IDs. When I received the item it was a single package but the amount paid for both items and I was surprised to see that there was only one item. I returned the item and only got 50% . Again and again I applied for balance amount and every time I was asked to return the 2nd package, which I never received.
Groww:This app goes down at crucial times, sometimes you can't add money, or sometimes it won't open at all. Sometimes you buy options, and when you want to sell it, the app crashes, and I've lost my funds because of this issue. Moving away from this to Zerodha or Angle One, they are better in interfaces and backend.
Groww:Impressive App. Simple and quick. Mobile Phone device sometimes feel to be bottleneck. Lot of friends prompted other apps but I feel my decision to go with Groww is right and Groww makes it even better. I follow their YouTube channel too which gives a good idea. Getting onboard was the best experience. Technical section just below the stock graph gives you many possibilities to check various parameters. You can choose the indicators from top right corner for same. You don't need other apps.
Groww:kindly add a function regarding adding notes to stocks as it will avoid the need to keep notes in another app. for reference, similar feature has been receently added by zerodha. Further it would be really helpful if the holdings can be bifurcated in two or more sections... like one may have some holdings with long term view and some for very short term, so it would be more efficient and easy to keep track if holdings could be divided into two or more sections at the end of the user.
Groww:I recently started using the Groww app and have been thoroughly impressed. It's incredibly easy to use and very user-friendly, making it perfect for both beginners and experienced investors. The app is fast, ensuring a smooth and efficient experience when managing my investments. I highly recommend Groww to anyone looking for a reliable and straightforward investment platform.
Groww:not that soothing and convenient experience in this app. the customer support doesn't exist. they provide some chatroom and it's damn waste. transferring amount and stock purchase are easy. anyone can understand the process as it's easy and simple but If you encounter with any issue no one will be there to help. there's no point in saying it's free. it's good to charge decent Fee and provide better customer support
Groww:One of the best apps for trading, that I have come across. One star less because details of sold stocks and the relevant profit/loss cannot be found in the app. Profit and Loss Report is sent only by email on request. Another feature that can be improved is the market depth. It doesn't show the number of buy and sell orders.
Groww:Worst app. When the market is down it freezes the payment options , this happened with many users and also the freezing of payment went on for 2-3 hours. There is no point of this app. Although the issue has been resolved please note that this app is meant for stock market investment which is a time sensistive thing. Simply resolving the issue after the market is closed doesn't work. If your servers cannot handle the user interaction then its high time that you should invest in infrastructure.
Groww:It's my first ever platform to invest into stocks and mutual funds and so far I'm pretty comfortable using this application. The timely updates and the reminders are helpful. It seems the interface is also easy to use and understand and execute. As of now I'm still a newbee for stock market but as I'll have more understanding and experience, I'll share more feedback about Groww app. Thank you developers.
Groww:Poor interface. Groww should improve portfolio tab. Display Total %returns, %daily return, today's price, avg invested price simultaneously. Need to select from drop-down each time. Other brokers have much better ui. Needs more watchlists and sorting options. These are basic things. Basically this App needs improvements.
Groww:Seriously I am getting too many technical glitches in this application..Sometimes order can't be sold properly..It is taking too much time..Sometimes Issue with wallet & Charts.. One more major issue is "The Filter is not working to sort the stocks & Sorted order is not saved after clicking save button" Hope the technical team will address these issues..
Groww:Session expires so often & then I'm not able to sign in again. Worst is when it expires right when the market opens. App lags alot. Updating the review as on 4th June: Along with market crash the app crashed too. Unable to add funds & customer support screen is also giving a technical error. Really bad app!
Groww:The groww app has been crashing most of the time and is incurring huge losses. Even on 7th June it crashed multiple times on nifty and sensex charts. The sensex charts are still unavailable. Such poor app. And Groww app should take responsibility of the losses to its customers if proven so. Also , the servers groww use must be updated. I have been facing this issue for over a month now.
Groww:Great app ! Just a few things I'd like to see in the coming updates.. 1. Ability to create multiple watchlists, at least 10. Watchlist interface more user friendly and smooth. 2. In the about company section, there is very less information. Please add a submenue containing about what the companies history and what the company is doing in the future. A great example would be screener's company details section. Something similar would be great to have here as well.
Groww:I have been using this application since 2019 and I feel the user interface has improved greatly. The app is easy to use and great for beginners and veteran investors alike. The interface does not confuse the user and gives clear and simplified access to information that matters the most to users.
Groww:I had a really disappointing experience with Grow app. The user interface is clunky and difficult to navigate, making it hard to execute trades efficiently. There were constant technical glitches that led to significant delays and missed trading opportunities. To make matters worse, customer support was unresponsive and unhelpful.
Groww:Edit: I mailed the support. Its more than 2 weeks. Didn't receive any proper response. Worst experience. I signed up in groww more than a week ago. I've been getting account creation is in progress due to tech issue. When I tried to reach the so called "24×7 Support" the link didn't even work. I gave my very personal data for account creation. Now I don't even know what happend to them. Its really worst experience with Groww.
Groww:Great interface but can you please include more options in terms of frequency of investment? Weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly would be great. Also, in case I'm making an external investment in an SIP it's not importing and reflecting on the dashboard even when I'm trying to. Need a bit of help with that.
Groww:The worst app I've ever used was slow, buggy, and frustrating. It constantly crashed The user interface was cluttered and confusing, making it hard to navigate. The app's poor performance and lack of support made me delete it for good!"
Groww:EDIT: Good for Trading and investment in Mutual Fund. App updates are very frequent and the problems still exist. Pity that the main procedure regarding payment issue and Main Balance glitch still exists. Even you add money to wallet (Successful transfer), you cannot use it to BUY orders;shows ERROR/ Balance cannot be fetched. This happens much often.
Groww:I've had a terrible experience with customer care. For the past 20 days, I've been trying to completely close my Groww account. However, each time I contact them, they only confirm that my stock account is closed and then close my ticket. Other apps provide a direct option to delete accounts, but this app doesn't even process the request. I know they'll respond to this review by asking me to email or call, which I've already done multiple times
Groww:This app deserves no stars at all. Its utterly disappointing and unacceptable. On every crucial day, there are persistent deposit issues, withdrawal issues, and TPIN issues. How can an investor possibly trust this platform under these circumstances? Todays trading session was the final nail in the coffin for me. The constant technical glitches and lack of reliable service have eroded my trust and patience. I strongly advise potential users to consider other options.
Groww:Simple UI with some bugs. For example, in the holdings under stocks section, bonds also get added as stock holdings which is wrong. Also raising a ticket is very difficult in the app, as one needs to search the button to do so which shows up after 3 or 4 levels of help.
Groww:SEBI AND RBI RULES ARE IGNORED. I don't like auto pay. No option was given while investing in groww funds. Also autopay will be set up if groww pay is used. . One click for one sip is enough to set all other sips to get autopay mandate. But cancellation has to be done individually. Such an audacity. Not ok. I just cancelled every sip individually. Will Uninstall this app by 31st of this month.
Groww:Today my delivery option got automatically executed without placing the order. I would have made 10000 profit. but due to this my trade got early exit. Also chart closes automatically and live data gets stuck and auto refresh is not happening. paying brokerage is waste to this people. worst app ever seen in my life. don't install this app.
Groww:Worst app. Lost lots of money. I have stocks available for sale but it showing no shares available. Sometimes it's showing available shares but if I want to sale it is showing "something went wrong". If can't sale the shares in right time then what's the purpose of using this? I had faced such issues multiple times before. Even login issue. Moreover when one step is okay somehow then next step is not working. But this time it is a huge lose.
Groww:Application is good but I didn't understand there is any issues was going on this application . I think grow application have bugs . When we purchased order it can't show it will show bit late or add money to grow balance it is hanging state. I have seen this issue many time . I think more I have seen they have charged extra money from call and put price .
Groww:Trying to activate F&O option on my Groww app from last 2 month but activation not done yet . Talked with customer supports many times but they are unable to activate the same . Never recommend to install this app for trading. Services are very bad if you stuck in any things thats your risk to resolve the problem .
Groww:This app is a very good app indeed, but need to add few more advanced features like other leading apps. There should be the entry and exit price in the closed position, Greeks, PCR, OI change etc required to shown in a single screen for quick decision. And many more advanced features required to be included in the app.
Groww:Worst app in terms of depositing and refunding money. I missed a huge trade because my deposit of 1,000 through UPI is not reflecting in my Groww deposit balance although it's been debited from my bank 1hr ago. Customer support does not respond yet. Who will compensate for my opportunity loss? Better leave such apps. As per the help support amount should reflect instantly through UPI deposit. Complete failure of an app. Such a bad experience.
Groww:Everything this very good, but the financial transactions are not smooth, somthing amount get stuck. And they don't fix this instantly. Service is not good. My recommendation is to never use this application.
Groww:No direct option to contact Customer support or close account. When I'm sending request to Customer Service to close account, they don't just go ahead and close. They'll ask you 10 emails in the span of their time as if we're just sitting here idle to answer their questions for just a simple thing. Worst.
Groww:Canceled the order but it's not cancelled due to some technical glitch, it's not my fault...that was a technical issue, I want my money back... Wow, what a great answer I got from Grow. Why should I use Grow app. (Sir, that day there was an issue from BSE side, we are not responsible for that sir) ...Most Bad experience.
Groww:As per the list of watchlist.. It's not taking more than 20 stocks in watchlist but still it's showing.. The list is full... And also showing 100 numbers...... Don't install this application.. So much glitches I have observed and right now facing below issue.... Need to refresh manually price will stuck at one position..
Groww:App is full of glitches of various kinds. Stock prices, buy amounts, available balance, etc. are often shown wrong. Purchase type automatically shifts from delivery to intraday, which costs you a freaking 10% commission which is not properly mentioned in documentations on the web. Commissions charged by the app are not displayed transparently and the docs they send over email are absolutely not user-friendly.
Groww:Most of the time i cant open the app because it is Always showing ooops something went wrong. I called the customer care several times but no one is answering my phone calls. I received a mail stating that update your app. I updated it but still same problem (Oops something went wrong) persists.
Groww:A very bad app for investing. At the most critical moments in the stock market, when one can make tons of money, quickly, the app will not work. You won't be able access your money or you won't be able to sell or you won't be able to buy at the most critical moments. Absolutely rubbish. Not going to use this app for investing in stocks anymore. Edit : Updating my rating from 1 star to 3 stars for ease of use. Ease of use gets 6 stars out of 5.
Groww:Terrible - 40k worth of deposit missing, without trade And the support, made me wait 20 minutes initially to connect to a so called human, transfered me around for 40 minutes with no response, and connecting and transferring to 6 different reps, with no respose. My money is still missing and there is no way to get it. Got an automated message saying we are looking into it No ticket number, no resolution time, no reasoning, no response, nothing. Abysmal
Groww:While trading in this app, when the graph is moved to 1, 5, 15 or any other time frame, the chart gets stuck. I even tried clearing the data in the app but it is not getting fixed. Due to this, I have incurred a loss in trading. Please fix it quickly.
Groww:My account is still not activated after more than one month since I signed up. The customer support said everything is OK from my end...I don't know what's wrong at Groww's end... but something is terribly wrong I can say!! A quick service and timely feedback would be appreciated.
Groww:This is a great app but i wanted exact tracking of all stocks from different brokers in this app. It doesn't tracks my shares in jkbfsl and shares of indmoney app are also not tracked in this app, I'll return to a different app soon if this issue is not resolved.
Groww:Worst of the worst app one could use to trade in stocks . Here are some reasons why : 1) It will lag during the time of important events like market crash and you won't be able to exit your trade. 2) it will deduct the unusual amount from your balance without giving any proper reason. 3) There customer support service is so poor that you can give negative stars for there customer support. 4) They will make you wait for indefinite period of time. 5) They'll put your call on hold and won't ans.
Groww:Seriously this app is such a scam I am going to mark a complaint against the same as I had invested in a stock and after redeeming the amount I am still seeing it as invested there only and after making new investment it all get stuck and unable to redeem the new one also trying contacting grow multiple time but no one helps me and unable to contact them as well.
Groww:Kindly make feature in application where it will be shown order detail buy and sell option and simultaneously profit amount in one single page. Because in going back and forth candlestick goes up and down fast. In order to prevent loss it is necessary.
Groww:One of the worst trading app. They have too many problems. When the volume is high this app doesn't work The customer service is good for nothing They dont have any api to atleast fetch my portfolio Every other day they have one or the other problem Sometimes I am unable to buy as was the case today and whole day nothing the customer service could do about it and many times when I want sell a stock I m not sure whether the transaction will go through.
Groww:I hate it when apps force me to update with their update description not being properly detailed Edit: I received a call from them later for feedback and hopefully they work on it later and fox this issue along with 1 more suggestion I adviced to them Edit 2: Fix your account statements export. Instead of an incompatible Excel sheet format use pdf which includes all our past transactions and shares holdings with custom date range. It is not properly formatted and available in a single statement.
Groww:I don't know how is your testing team. From past few days UPI lite takes somewhere around 40 seconds to 1 minute to identify if I have UPI lite active. Till that point I see Activate UPI Lite button on pressing which I get error "UPI Lite is not supported on your device". After about a minute UPI Lite works fine as long as I keep the app open. My device is redmi note 8 Pro, Android OS version 11.
Groww:This app is worst for Futures and options. Only use this to loose money. Horrible app with no support and explanation. They have system generated square offs, but doesn't know to write a simple code to call customers before square offs. I tried reaching out to their customer care and it was useless. Now I'm seeing videos saying their mutual fund investment is not safe and it doesn't let you withdraw money. It is very alarming as I have done major investments from groww.
Groww:There are many reputable apps out there that provide a good and reliable platform along with proper support--which is an absolute when your money is involved. Don't expect any assistance from Groww. My money is stuck since last month and no one has bothered to get back to me, despite repeated reminders. It's risky to download this app. Read the reviews about support before you download.
Groww:Why it is showing two factors authentication expired, log in nahi ho rha,.... Perticular wifi se.... I already shared screenshot as well as screen recording. But no solution found.... I m on the ship,... there is two satellite wifi....from one wifi, it is logging in...but by other wifi it is not logging in showing two factors authentication expired.
Groww:There is a recent bug in groww app which i am facing. At the day end groww send a notification for congratualations with wrong profit/loss figure. I've earned higher amount and congratulations messages just picks up few trades profit/loss and not the total returns and displays it. Please fix this bug urgently to avoid spreading misinformation about returns to many people.
Groww:I have a recommendation. All transactions module with more filters would be really helpful. With profit and loss displayed.
Groww:It's a SCAM, invest all you want but if you face even one problem there is NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT that yu can contact, all the replies are Ai generated and you will never be able to contact a human in case of need. There portfolio shows inaccurate information and there is no resolution for that. Tried everything (Ticket number 15948633) but to no avail. Leaving it for Zerodha.
Groww:Not good for trading, option charts show glich if you open in multiple screen, popular notifications hide all the terminals buttons and take more than few second to go. Order, profit loss are not show on charts so one has to navigate to multiple tab to see the status.
Groww:Not recommended at all, I don't know how this became India's no 1 with no customer support and I am finally qiuiting due not able to open account trying for 1 month. This is as hard as govt application. Even if anyone wants to try, all the best.
Groww:Actually, this is the worst broker i have experienced becuz i have placed a basket order but this idots while i was exiting basket order were telling that there was a open order but i have checked every thing but there was none because of this stupids i lost money as it was expiry so i would recommend to use ANGELONE , ZERODHA, or any other broker rather then this, If i can give -1 star i would definitely
Groww:I am trying to login to my account through google, but it says "Your two factor authentication is expired, please verify again to continue..." It is stuck on that screen. I tried clearing cache, data, reinstalling the application. But again it comes back to that screen.
Groww:The worst app for trading, it is so bad, it is a very bad experience, I would suggest you not to use this app, use any other app without it, your money will also be safe for trading. I would transfer all my money and delete the account, I don't want such a useless app which leads to loss after loss. The reason being, I placed the order at the market price and the order got executed at the current rate after half an hour. Because of this, I suffered a loss of Rs 10,000.
Groww:I didn't recommend to install this app. Experienced technical issue while trading and stop loss does not work . And suffered huge loss. The customer care is waste of time . They have default reply for all the query . Better go with apps which charge reasonable without any issues
Groww:The server often goes off.. I have face many time that issue.. Also you can't reach the customer support ASAP.. Whenever there is issue you can't modify your order.. Neither cancel it. Customer care isn't available also.. They promise you to call within 11 mins.. But there are no one to see the chats and to call back also.. 2. I am trying to sell my stocks since 1 week.. But there is continuous Network Error.. Neither getting sold.. Nor getting customer support on time.. I don't recommend this
Groww:Keep up frequent updates. S.I.P calculators does not consider tax, inflation, charges deducted, expense ratio, so final amount is not real and is inflated to attract armature investors. Security can be enhanced. Not for traders, only for MF. I incurred heavy losses just because of glitch that app couldn't exit my position. Had to wait for auto-sqaureoff.
Groww:It's interface with the mutual funds is very irritating. I placed the mutual fund order it's been 5 days the order status is showing "still in progress". Neither money is not refunded nor order placed. The customer support is also veru bad showing the repeated answers not showing any progress.
Groww:It's best mutual funds, buy for stocke I would recomend something else, It has a lot of bug, today in the morning my portfolio was showing negative, but After 8 am it got corrected, It also has no basket trading in investment options! They need to fix the bug and bring back their lost credibility after that Mutual Funa Case!
Groww:Worst app for trading..worst technical support..due to that I have lost my money. Uninstalling the app and installing it again, it is doesn't making any sense.. Improve your Technical Support and please return back my money which I lost due to your fault. Worst App.. Terrible experience. Again around 1 .5 years later also grow doesn't improve much.still last few days I am facing technical issue,and I lost my money. NSE PLEASE LOOK INTO THIS AND TAKE THE NECESSARY ACTION.
Groww:Hi dev, there was a bug . Push notification(residence, support level) was not navigated to the description instead it was navigated to home screen. After that if we search for that push notification on app unable to find it. Issue not resolved yet. Please have a look.
Groww:Good app Simple UI no clutter. Would be more helpful especially for beginners if GTT & SL order option is visible on the buy sell page itself instead of being hidden in settings overhead. Biometric identification requires more precise time compared to any other app.
Groww:Again disappointed services by Groww. Stoploss feature doesn't work. Every time when I use a Stoploss, the app automatically sold all my active transactions, that too at a much lower price than the stoploss. So if you want to trade in option trading then you need to switch to an another one because Groww not able to provide any type of services for the option trading.
Groww:They hv d worst and d most pathetic customer support. It will literally cause u to pull your hair in frustration! Interacting with their Customer Support is like asking someone "What is 2 + 2?" and getting the answer/reply back as "Sulphur". Using it since 2 years and I wud hv switched if I confidently knew any brokerage with good customer support AND it was not so cumbersome and difficult to switch accounts and transfer assets. It seems like I am stuck but still I am seriously reconsidering.
Groww:i had invested in 5 sip last month and all were rejected due to reason 'kyc not validated' after that i had contact your customer support several times and also raised ticket which is still not closed. your team sent rekyc link 3 times and i did that too but nothing happens after waiting one month and no satisfactory answer from your side. last week on call support your team member checked my kyc details and said that there is no issue from our side.your support is pathentic.do not use this app
Groww:Currently the speed has become very slow, there is a lot of problem with stoploss, target orders etc. If this continues, then I and many other users will uninstall Grow. The current update is not successful. Please give a good update soon, otherwise I am deleting it.
Groww:Groww app is just pathetic. Just try to call or try to have a chat with them. It takes minimum of a hour to revert. I have had a very bad experiemce with them. They close your service call without even sorting your issue. I wanted to buy stocks and made a pay,ent. But amlunt not reflected in my account and i lost out an oppurtunity. Who is responsible for the loss. Helpline will keep you on hold for more than 45 minutes. Very pathetic. Stronly DONOT RECOMMEND GROW APP.
Groww:The experience with the Interface is better than other apps but the contact support is worst and in chat no reply to the concern and late if again takes much more time , if request for calls, It takes 2 hrs more or less and most probably , you won't get again they will update soon will get it but when and where is not mentioned if get call then lucky. Contact support should work for more betterment ..
Groww:15 july24 - My F&O order just stopped working, not able to see any realtime changes in my order. Its been more than 35 minutes now and its not working, neither I could trigger the loss nor able to do anything on the order. I don't know what application to choose for F&O but definitely GROWW is not a trusted application.
Groww:Real Experience: Try calling customer care. Customer care will not pick your call. I tried so many times. But no response. I had issue with order. Money deducted, shows successful but not reflected. This is a money issue. Still no reply or response from customer care.
Groww:App is very good to operate and easy to understand how to trade,But reports generation is long time taking and every time they are missing some transactions in p&l . customer support very poor. Transaction charges every high compared to other platforms. Available information for stock analysis evry less. I have written this review with experience.i have screenshot as evidence to support my opinion.Here no option to attach such images. Thanks
Groww:Finally an FNO pause option to control active segments within the app, this alongside the safe exit feature are great additions - in order to improve it's effectiveness please add the restriction that once paused, it should not allow reactivation for at least 3-6 hours. Good job Groww team!
Groww:There is no customer support available. On the app u receive BOT pre feeded responses. Which is of no help. Customer support number not available on app and the one on the site keep you waiting for ages. Dunno what to do. Neither have received call from them. My 2 months SIP did not got deducted and m left with no resolution. And today they have sent a mail saying if 3rd SIP bounces.
Groww:I have been facing loss because of the things happening with the intraday stuff. When I hold selling and market moves higher side it's automatically kicks me out and it's says intraday for this stock has been disabled. Please fix this issue or I will have go with another app
Groww:Worst experience since morning. Customer service is pathetic. they don't know how to answer. I tried couple of times to reach out within 2minute I will get the call back but no one attending the call only ringtone..very bad.
Groww:When I open this app and give permission to call location etc it shows surfing even if I have good internet speed and after few attempts it shows device verification is blocked....plzz solve my issue or I have to delete this app...this app is not good..also I already send mail regarding my issue so kindly solve this.
Groww:Very poor app..now I am frustrated. 100% switch from your platform and advise. I am thinking to switch account from GROW. SUCH A THIRD CLASS COMPANY. APPLIED 10-15 IPOS sometimes regular or sometime HNI. Never get the allotment Edit 2: stock thouch the price twice and quantity was also in the range but order not executed.
Groww:I'm missing my SIPs. My SIP date is 2 of every month and if it falls on a weekend or holiday I'm unable to pay for that month. Your app doesn't allow to pay on same day deu to off(understandable) but doesn't allow to pay even the next working day and marks my SIP not paid. I'm missing my SIPs due to you guys. I don't want to set auto-pay, I remember my payments. Let me do my payments. And shoving auto-pay down my throat after every transaction is very annoying.
Groww:Very poor handling in recent times, updating balance is delayed, making it difficult to buy at a specific time. This happens evernow and then, bad experience that leads to loss of opportunities.
Groww:My go to investment app..... love the interface, speed and different catagory with simplified order recommending any one who is into investing.
Groww:Pathetic experience..many technical glitches and not receiving price alert notifications also and inspite of raising ticket and speaking with customer executive team, issue is not yet resolved Even after providing the requested details such as registered email and ticket number, the issue remains unresolved. Worst experience and pathetic service and no support from customer care team
Groww:Very bad experience groww app I lost lots of money because of this worst trading app. Don't ever use this app from Intraday and groww trading. This app has lots of bugs and it don't exit our orders even if the price is reached. Something it shows a stuck graph. Sometimes the graph doesn't even visible and sometimes it's a different graph of different stock.
Groww:1. STCG/ LTCG details & exit load info is missing on redemption page. 2. Portfolio analysis page must have more insights on the funds selection, funds performance vs peers etc. 3. App should provide guidance on ideal portfolio by age group, duration, investment styles etc for better awareness 4. Equity asset allocation page should have more details e.g. which funds are under which category etc. 5. Fund compare tool needs to enhanced for better analysis and decision making. It lacks details.
Groww:Very pathetic and worst app, no better customer care service. Not reliable for trading. I moved all my investments to other. Looting app I would say. Some of the times order is not placing, if placed it doesn't hit Target or SL and order vanish also. Purchase happens on Market price even though set a limit order. No option to SLLimit order buying. Many glitches in the app, hangs in crucial times like 3rd and 4th June specially. I am writing this after using this app almost 3+years.
Groww:Worst... Worst.. Worst app for ever. Don't do trading with this app. If you do trading through this app defenately you will came out with loss. Today Iordered some option it's not delivered at time. And god sake Iam not even unable to cancel it. Whenever I try to cancel it's shows that " your order is in progress ". Howmuch time will it take to process? After market came to peak? Highly pathetic and terrible app. lot of bugs. Planning to uninstall this app.
Groww:Very poor customer service. Only mode of contacting for help is through mail or chat, which takes a lot of time. The mailing response comes after 20-24 hours. No direct helpline available. They have a contact number on public portals, but they never respond. All you go through is the IVR tone and a very very long wait time. No query addressal system. Whenever a discrepancy happens, all they have to say is "sorry," and no further action is taken. The platform is good, but not the customer service
Groww:This is a very basic app. The holdings view is very poor. Worst part is Holdings is kind of a watchlist put besides other watchlist. Holdings should have all possible critical parameter in one view - for example LTP, current price, avg buy price, etc etc and should not ask to click again and again. Orders of the day view is also poor. I never found it user friendly. I mostly get lost finding today's orders. Way to go for Groww app. There is no shame to follow other well placed app in this area
Groww:I've been trying to open an account with Groww for over a month with no success. Despite multiple support tickets and calls, each promising a resolution within 24 hours, I've received no actual assistance. Their lack of follow-up and apparent disregard for customer care is extremely disappointing and unprofessional. Not recommended based on my experience.
Groww:Updated Review :- Worst Trading Platform, traders stay away from this app, you will face losses due to their laggy, buggy app and website. Previous:- Trading View chart and groww chart does not match, there is a significant difference. When I had to be in profit, groww glitch converted it in massive loss. So cheap tricks are applied in this app.
Groww:Quite good one but need somewhere improvement. There must be a feature of search inside the watchlist. Without going out from the watchlist, it would be easy if one would like to see the stock within the watchlist by searching instead of scrolling out from many stocks within the watchlist.
Groww:Got a msg from developer that app is fixed but isn't still. Entire day gone and couldn't purchase anything. 2 days and funds still not reflecting in the account to make transaction. 40 mins wait on ivr call for support and get hung up on. Very disappointing. Poor customer service. Previous call waiting for 20 mins. Rep informed that fund would reflect in 15 mins. It's been 3 hrs since then and funds still not available to make transactions.
Groww:Not a single day goes without something going wrong. Order doesn't get placed, stoploss doesn't triger, target doesn't trigger, cannot fetch balance and the list goes on. App is full of bugs. Would not recommend. Stay away from this app.
Groww:Your app is pathetic. I am using it since last 2 years. When I open my account in web there is so much glitchs and moreover I lost money while trading because of these glitches. Screen freeze everytime, I have to refresh it again and again. Very bad experience specially with the web on the other hand dhan and kite works fine. I am going to shift to those app from next month. You guys only spent on marketing.
Groww:Worst app ever. Using over year but at the main time when market crash it's time to buy stock, it fails to load money and my existing wallet money also became 0. How frustrating is this!!! Full of bugs. And their customer care option is also not working. I don't know actually they have customer care or not I was trying to connect 1st time but the contayus button is like demo, for showing purpose only.
Groww:Please don't download this application.. It's a fake application. Where you just deposit the money.. when you withdraw the amount or sell the share .. we never get a OTP. I tried from last 2 weeks I also dropped the email, raised the ticket, and many more but still I'm unable to sell my share.. such a bad experience with grow .If some really want to do investment please go with another option not with grow..#fake #fraud #fakeapplication.
Groww:The best broker & trading platform where all settlements are quick & so precise that no need to check statements. The most important factor is user interface is very simple & good & very robust application where you can see all the technical charts & making quick execution of orders.
Groww:They have reached at a level that they can call themselves one of the best and so now they don't care about customer so much .... My account has been in pending for activation for more than a week now , I have tried contacting them all they say is keep waiting it'll get activated. Worst experience ever !!!!
Groww:Very bad app. I was in 7k profit but due to app technical problem I suffered 10k loss in which I was in profit. I raised query and they said technical problem is now solved. Now who will pay for my loss of 17k. Worst app, now searching for other option. There is no customer care executive to attend your call. Very bad service.
Groww:While doing f & o ...only price is visible real time graph is not there please add graph and price on same page for exit quickly. Sensex is full lagging. After buying any future options graph is not visibile in exit screen , would be great if you add graph there as well also please give option for stoploss and sell at price during buying any future options currently it's appearing after buying. I send mail waiting for implementation
Groww:Wrost service. I have registered in this app 4 days ago and still it is showing that the documents are under verification whereas eDIS facility for CDSL and TPIN had generated earlier in the initials. I had planned to buy some stocks on a fixed date but I can't. It is useless when the things are not in hands. I got rid of this app.
Groww:if you send an update to our phones we as a customer need to know what's in this new update, what features will we get extra after this update or you can simply say bug fix and minor upgrades instead of that you try useless marketing in the "what's new" section like this . This text consists of 67 words and will take up to 30 seconds for you to read. Almost the time it will take the update to download. If your internet connection is stable, your app update must be 50% completed.
Groww:Interface is very easy for beginners but I'm unable to set autoplay for my SIP for a month they showed me "something went wrong".Once their TPIN is not working and I had to bear 10% lose at my stocks. So I'm giving two star rating.
Groww:I am using this app since last 2 years, working fine. But since last month I am unable to login after auto logout. Asked to submit again email, passwords and For password verfication OTP is required to submit. I am tried almost 30-40 times to get OTP on email but not getting. I am unable to login now. Please help.
Groww:Great interface. The only thing is, I've submitted documents for F&O activation, it said activation process takes 24 hours, but it's been days there's still no activation for F&O. Also dropped mail to the customer care, but no reply till now. Was waiting on Helpline for someone to help me for almost half an hour, still there wasn't anyone.
Groww:I am extremely disappointed with the app's behavior during a buying opportunity. I want to invest in the stock market, but due to the poor app performance, I am unable to add money. The app is encountering errors. Time to change broker from this worst Groww to better available options in market Update: Thanks for the action item & update. However it's too late, I missed the possible gains due to this app incapabilities. Started transfering my equities to Zerodha/Angel Broking. Good Luck!
Groww:I'm uninstalling this app because after waiting for months, my account is still not activated, and I'm unable to trade. I have no choice but to switch to another app. Disappointed with the lack of responsiveness and inefficiency.
Groww:Groww is a fantastic app for investing and managing finances. It has a user-friendly interface that's great for both beginners and experienced investors. The app provides a wide range of investment options, including stocks, mutual funds, and ETFs. I appreciate the easy account setup and seamless fund transfers. The educational resources and insightful articles are helpful for making informed decisions.
Groww:I have been using the Groww app for a few months now, but my recent experience has left me quite disappointed. The main issue I faced was the non-allotment of the same-day NAV (Net Asset Value) for my mutual fund investments. Despite initiating my transaction well before the cut-off time, I noticed that the NAV applied was not of the same day but of the next day. This discrepancy significantly impacts the returns on my investments, especially in a volatile market where every point matters.
Groww:Third class application, it doesn't have all SME IPO which are listed. In recent times GEM Enviro which ended on 21/06/2024 it doesn't have on their list ipo. And Next one Ennutrica(Dindigul Farm) which ends on 24/06/2024 that also not on their list. How is service possible at this level. Grow doesn't charge AMC it doesn't mean that you guys come with this kind of application which doesn't have basic IPO facility properly. "VERY PATHETIC POOR FROM YOU GUYS. "
Groww:The interface is so simple of this app specially valuable and understandable for beginners. The only thing I want to say is Please try to add separate section for ETFs so that we don't have to find each and every ETF in search box and it will be so much convenient. Add a section for ETF as it is available in angle one app.
Groww:The app scam people who are holding there trades overnight...they change primium value to something else than the actual...currently nifty 24700 CE closed at 72/-, but in groww app only it is closed at 59/-....this 59/- premium value was not there when the market closed at 3:30. And it was not there till 9 pm it changed after 9 o'clock all of sudden
Groww:Highly unreliable interface. Intraday orders are stuck and funds are held. At the time of order execution, app says intraday is not available. No proper customer support. The number given doesn't work. In the chat based support, executives abruptly disconnect and exit the chat.. such a terrible experience
Groww:Worst services. I have uploaded all my documents. 2 days have passed but there is no update. When I called customer care, the call is not even being picked up. what's the matter your app is showing technical issue.
Groww:Overall the app is excellent and easy to understand just add one more thing to cover up all the things properly is to make the Portfolio of STOCKS and MUTUALS FUND so we can easily understand the profit and loss covered and also show the graph and which would be better similar option.
Groww:Good app for investing and tracking portfolios. Perhaps the only thing it lacks is the non-existence of daily trend on stock holdings. The same is present for mutual funds, where one can see the trends under "portfolio analysis". Something similar for stocks would be a good feature to have.
Groww:Just add sort feature in groww app. For example, when I sort the stocks according to returns I get only max returns stocks ie high to low. To view low return stocks I need to scroll down till bottom. Please upgrade sort feature so that I can view both high to low as well as low to high returns. This feature is available on Zerodha.
Groww:The app is not working at its best post recent update. In particular, the app is lagging a lot after the update. The authorities are requested to look into it and fix the issue as early as possible.
Groww:Interface is good and it makes trading easy But no clarity on profit & loss statements and calculation of all the changes related to a trade. And most importantly withdrawals takes a long time to process like very slow.
Groww:Very easy to use , but sometimes it shows so much glitch. Whenever lots of peoples are using it, it tends to fail and making you panic as your money is on the line.
Groww:I had reviewed this app and had given 4 stars but now I want to change my review because of the recent incident that shocked me! I saw the market was down by close to 8% on 04th June and thought there is an opportunity to invest and invested 10k (lumpsum) on a mutual fund. It was during the market hours. It showed the NAV date as 4th June and now all of a sudden it has changed to NAV of 5th June!? when market is 4% up. I can feel that it's a SCAM by these brokers playing with customers money!
Groww:I started investing using Groww, and its super convenient. Ive tried several brokerages, but Groww has the lowest charges. Its user interface is superb and very easy to understand, especially for beginners.
Groww:Just had words with one of the female executive and she was unable to explain my query as she was not having any knowledge, she said senior will call, kept me for more tha 20 minutes on hold for no reason, and disconnected my call without listening to me. After taking so much brokarage we are getting such kind of customer support. Slowly will stop using app.
Groww:I am extremely frustrated with this app. While re-activing accout, despite following your process and waiting the promised 24-48 hours twice, my account remains inactive. I initially submitted a reactivation request and was assured it would be completed within 24-48 hours. After this period passed without resolution, I contacted customer support and was instructed to raise a ticket, which also promised a 24-48 hour resolution.This continued delay has caused me to miss out on purchasing stocks.
Groww:Experienced multiple time technical issues and suffered some loss while trading. There is no customer support also to ask what is happening. Services resumes after heavy losses. Better to go for other apps who are charging lil extra but having good customer services.
Groww:Worst app ever , anyone who's considering to open demat account, dont opt for groww , just open some other account. Last month i was facing issues with adding funds, today I'm unable to place orders , even if placed they're not getting executed when price matches limit price. Worst customer support too, earlier it was good but now i literally called them and had to wait 1 hour to speak to an support agent , even chat they're not responding well about these issues. I'm never using this app again.
Groww:Notifications for stock movements in the watchlist; Earlier they used to clearly notify whether a stock was moving up or down while crossing the notification benchmark. Now they just notify that the stock has crossed the benchmark. The app designers think that it will create more engagement as users will log into the app to check the movement of their stock in watchlist. On the contrary it creates resentment in the users, as a privilege to stock accurately has been taken away. So bye bye.
Groww:Why I can't see my dashboard since morning??? Everyday there is some kind of problem with your app! Again the same issue. It is not able to fetch the balance and not allowing me to buy. What a 3rd class app! Wo is going to compensate for the loss???
Groww:This is great app but today during market hours, I couldn't place a sell order despite repeated trial. No network problem, no device problem but whenever I tried to place a sell order, it gives an error time out notification. Now I have to incur losses due to it. Please rectify.
Groww:My experience with Groww has been excellent so far. The app is user-friendly and intuitive, and I haven't encountered any issues. Kudos to the development team!
Groww:Now some improvement in Groww. How many FNO (for option trading) order is executed in oder menu not showing. Order menu show only list of the executed FNO order, but not showing number. This is most urgent requirement of option traders. Kindly introduce this features. Which show number of executed order like 10, 15, 65 . The number of trades in the option trader has made like in Zerodha kite App it shows number of executed order. Please do it at the earliest. Thanks
Groww:Worst responses in case of IPO subscriptions,application ls kept in hold for quite a long time though in market hours, and same for the mandate requests, u have to wait for quite long time and eventually u will cancel nad re apply the same but sometimes,it also wont help and u will be out of time for reapply. Plus point: User interface is quite simple and user friendly with percentile analytical views to buy/ hold and sell; though its not get updated time to time, thus needs Improvement.
Groww:Overall experience is not that bad, but the app stops working often, and starts misbehaving also. Improved quite a lot, it'll be the best if they add a option to remove multiple stocks from watchlist at once.
Groww:Groww has worst costomer support services ever among all brokerage companies.. I deposited money but it was not added in my groww ac and status was pending when I tried to reach their customer support at call for 30 min no one has picked the call I tried many times but same things happened again and again... still I didn't get my money back
Groww:Dear Groww, your app having best user friendly interface with having smooth experience in trading, but your app badly missing day to day p&l. Without this it doesn't complete with perfect trading application. Hoping for changes in next updates.
Groww:Very poor support team... lags a lot. They just dont call you back They just dont email you back ... hate it ... you wait for loss, thats the only thing you can do. Cuz they wont do even a call back ... it shows call back in 1 hour it has been more than 2 hrs but no call.
Groww:App is user friendly but management is work process not working perfect someday they have technical issue that's why trade not executed, today I phase new problem i add money in account but money deducted in my bank account but not add in groww account they show just sorry notification nothing else after every thing finished they just replay every and sorry sir for your inconvenience they don't accept their mistake and just repeat they own policy they are working under their policy not follow
Groww:The app is not working as good. The current Day graph is not working and transactions are done through UPI also not getting updated immediately in Grow account. I have raised issue on this but no responsive. Customer service is not good.
Groww:Hey, the app's customer support is a joke. They should mention not to contact them because they're too busy helping others. It takes forever to get connected to a "champion," and then they don't even have solutions for your problems. What a waste of time!
Groww:It does not add money instantly to wallet even added via UPI and also does not allow to withdraw money instantly...it does not provide real time settlement...not good for trading...worse app compared to other..
Groww:They do not allow registering using custom email address and are arrogant about it. Even though there is no security aspect of it. No other major financial company has such restriction. And you do not expect good service from customer support whenever you need them.
Groww:Very Bad Platform for trading please refrain using same, today market was down so tried depositing money and since morning money not deposited, not lost the buying opportunity and I'm in loss due to them. And this is not only with be but search on X and you will how many users are affected by them. really very pathetic support. They are not for grow but for loss.
Groww:Very bad experience with the app. They have the policies which are beneficial for them. No support from company side to user in comparison with other companies who are providing Account on there platform.
Groww:App goes down or not working properly at time of Market flactuations. Faced issue with amount debited but balance not updated. Customer care TAT is not acceptable as market changes in seconds but min TAT of Chatboat reply is 12 Min and Customer care call back TAT is 1 hour. You may go bankrupt for their technical issue as well.
Groww:It's like when the market goes down, this app also goes down. Sometimes money doesn't get added, shares don't sell on time, and TPIN doesn't work. It's not even worth 1 star.
Groww:App is average but pathetic customer support. Custome care number is not possible to connect. I face issue in my transaction for last 6-7 hour trying to connect with customer care but not able to connect. Not recommend iam also going to close my demat account with grow.
Groww:18-07-2024 i called many time on customer care number but no response. Because i deposited money in groww app for purchase the option call but rejected due to insufficient amount. But sufficient amount showing in available balance. So very poor service i think its scam
Groww:Great place from where any beginners can get financially educated as well as it can help to take first step towards investing.I really love it's interface and suggestions . Keep thinking & implementing.
Groww:No option to raise tickets but asking for support ticket id, what's the support email? Worst app to trust money with. Zerodha is the best app so far Cancelled sip amount not credited back customer support says 24/7 but no response on customer call.
Groww:App is not working, if selected any thing then app will close automatically. I want to support but there is no no. For the app support Even I update the app against i clicked some thing it will close
Groww:Last Friday I took a trade on Sensex expiry. The trade order was placed but it went into pending. After 30 minutes , it was shown in the trade position. I lost 95% of my capital on this trade. After that, I called support several times but no one picked up my call. Who will compensate for my loss?
Groww:Till now it was good until i didnt add the money. This is the first i added the money and decide to trade and App logged out on its own and now it is not opening. I've relogin, reinstalling even but still the same. Why this is happening. ??? Please help me.
Groww:Today I got an issue that I couldn't buy one stock at that particular price point because the money from my bank account got deducted but not got added in groww account. Please improve your app or I am switching from this, also there is no customer service available to take my call, it keeps me waiting.
Groww:Currently Groww app is very slow. I face lot of problems to execute order or to see stocks price. Take lot of time to add money and refresh also. I am using latest updated app. Before update it was fine.
Groww:Worst app customer service is disastrous. They don't respond. Don't expect any assistance from groww. My money is stuck since 8th July. Extremely long wait times during calls. It is a very bad experience
Groww:Very worst. Account not activated even after one week of creating it ..The message it is showing that "it is taking longer due to a technical issue with external systems". I have reached support two times still no help form support.
Groww:Poor customer service . I asked twice for a call regarding the activation of my future and option . But no calls yet. I uploaded the necessary documents last friday but no response afterward.
Groww:Grow Apps is a powerful marketing tool! I have seen a significant increase in customer engagement and sales. The analytics dashboard provides valuable information, helping me optimize my campaigns. The support team is responsive and helpful. I appreciate the affordable pricing plans and scalability. Grow Apps has streamlined my marketing efforts, saving me time and resources. Its a game-changer!
Groww:Overall good experience. One thing should be added that whenever we buy or sell any stock the net profit or loss should be shown after deducting all taxes and brokerage.
Groww:Great app experience as compare to some so called pathetic apps. Grow is fully Transparent and reliable the only issue I see here is that sometime grow app get stuck and that makes the inability to buy or sell stocks
Groww:It's one of the worst applications.. money got stuck in pending, showing in process. Now I'm not able to change my position.. it's time to change broker.
Groww:The customer care service is disastrous. They don't even respond to mails or calls. Tickets raised remains unanswered. F&O activation takes 24hours but it's been 5 days there's no update.
Groww:You guyz should improve customer support... their should be direct connect with customer support rather having waiting time in chat or call option.. so that if anyone has any issue then he can connect you directly.
Groww:No customer support. I tried adding money using UPI to my groww account to invest, they didn't add it even after 4 hrs which in turn made me lose good opportunity to invest. They do not reply on customer service chat. The ticket raised takes 24 hours to reply. Useless app.
Groww:Useless for trading. Can only be used for investing. Transaction pendencies, account errors specially when there is a big change in market. Should opt for some other application.
Groww:The day and time when you have best opportunity in the market , this app will start malfunctioning. It will show balance as "-.--" and will not allow you to buy or sell stock. On 4th June 2024 (electipn result day) when market was extremely low for 2 hour, Groww app didn't allow any transaction. Support didn't pick the call. After market recovered it started again. Since last 4 months I was waiting for this time. But Groww disappointed me. Same issue was faced by many others. Was it deliberate?
Groww:Customer care support team , good for nothing, then can't resolve the issue, and lack of knowledge, and there is no any language preference to select
Groww:Disgusting app. Your money gets debited from bank account and will not get credited to balance for days. Not at all recommended. ++ pathetic customer service.
Groww:for the time being its supper to use and best for newcomers. And kindly add some more facilities like basket orders, trade from chart facilities ASAP.
Groww:Poor service i have taken a fund one time and by mistake it was sip i tried calling and informing team no on respond now when i cancelled i just got 15k rest entire money was deducted i invested 50k still chasing for a call no one responded ivr automatically get cancelled after connection invest before seeing all terms and conditions i need to write a review coz i have no option to reach out grow team.
Groww:App is good with good speed and also information provided is good but can be made better for beginners to understand stocks in simpler way. Holdings can be displayed in much more better way.
Groww:I lost money coz the app just didn't show my intraday position at all. It shows position when u sell at loss. It showed position only when I sold at loss. Whole half hour I was looking for position but it was showing holding and all other nonsense but not the live position to track my P&L
Groww:Very bad experience in the groww app. I don't get any help from support team. Most 3rd class app. Investors time is not worth it to them. No one should use this app.
Groww:I hate how they combine and show total profit in positions I'm unable to properly track loss and profit on perticular trade in intraday it's annoying they should add other window if they want to show total
Groww:App not working on important days... pathetic.... trying to open from last one hour. Sell amount is not credited within 30 min most of the time. It's the worst app. It has the worst customer support team. Refrain from joining this app. They are just money making guys doesn't care about customer money.
Groww:I added money but it is taking more than 40 minutes .still processing I added another transaction but it still processing from last 10 minutes .how anyone purchase in low price .
Groww:Groww has one of the worst customer support team. I was unable to login to their app/web portals due to some technical issue on their side. They don't reply to any email nor do they have any helpline number where one could connect with help team.
Groww:1. We can't edit the name of watchlist or delete them, 2. Sometimes order ( sell or purchase) not get executed on time, which causes significant losses to us. 3. Analysis of stock is very good.
Groww:Support is not at all helpful. Mutual fund Redeem orders status takes more than 10 days and still incorrect on report. For transferring of shares to other demat account, support is helping. Support is complete useless. Also groww is not able to report correct MF units and keep on asking me to upload my all external investment. It is a safe platform when it is not able to handle their platform data. Still groww is not able to update and correct MF holdings after 2 weeks. Pathetic service
Groww:Every time live prices issues.... Incorrect price show in dashboard market are close at hold position is positive and holding are automatic nagative in after 12 pm ... Such a very pathetic app ... Please move or angel and like other ...and save money
Groww:It froze three time up till now when I was in a trade... 1st I got lucky and got profits but the other two times, I could not exit at time and got massive loss... Try to fix this guys
Groww:Appalling customer service. Tried calling. Was put in queue 4 times for 30mins each, no response. Tweeted, no response. Tagged the founders, no response. This app is a scam.
Groww:The app is good fast but sometimes there are issues those needs to be addressed soon as customers may lose money due to this. But yes this scenario are rare but problematic.
Groww:Very good trading application. It is very easy to use and understand also. I recommend everyone to use this app if you want to invest in mutual fund or share market.
Groww:very slow withdrawal service compare to other broking app , if I sell share today and it will take two long days to money come back in my account it's not fair , give me interest of that rupees or else transfer it immediately resolve this issue it is creating problems in easy transection
Groww:Worst app for trading. They do expenses on ads only. Worst customer care. Account opening takes 2-3 months. Feeling frustrated
Groww:It's not good. I already lost 6000 in F&O. But when I get some profits 3k+ on future trade, I couldn't sell because I had to add 3 lakhs+ amount to sell 40q. It's not good for beginners traders.
Groww:App hangs in between... Not able to transfer my money as well. Transactions are failing... SIP autopay is on and not affected
Groww:Nice UI features and much better than Zerodha Coin. Similar to coin app, plz mark the investment details on the MF price graph.
Groww:Good experience, had some hick-ups due to poor knowledge of the agents in customer service, but ultimately the problem was solved by an experienced person.
Groww:Customer support is worst. They dont have any SLA for opened tickets. I opened a ticket for an issue, no response from support team from more than 18 days now.
Groww:Its impossible for to log in the app..only three pages are showing up repeatedly and its getting logged out... And i couldn't find any solution.
Groww:Horrible experience. Edit. They DO NOT answer calls or reply text. Zero customer support. They do not maintain cutoff time. Move to any other platform other than this third party to save your money. Trading, buying selling becomes hectic if they do not know the value of timing. Even while long term investment, you are bound to lose 10%. Stay away and also move to other apps.
Groww:It's already been more than 1 week but till now my account is not activated by groww. I provided every document and completed every step. Still now don't have account to start investing due their internal issues. Even the customer care service is not good. Never picks call. Hope groww team will help me in solving my problem and take proper steps.
Groww:The worst app and the worst customer service My money stuck more than one month just because of their misbehave and miscommunication between mutual fund house . Still I'm waiting for update from one month. Their customer service is very unprofessional and unhelpful, they just spending time not working on customers issues. Below than 1 star
Groww:It is one of the worst apps to invest in stock market. I have been trying to add money in the wallet from last 2 days but payment is always declined and hence unable to invest. In a app used to invest in stock market, the least expectations is that the banking support should be fast and reliable but unfortunately this is not the case with Groww.
Groww:I am very hurt by the functioning of the Grow application because on the day when the market crashed and there was such a golden opportunity to buy, your application stopped working. Such a golden opportunity is rarely found, you have cheated your customers in a way. Please fix the functioning of your application so that this never happens again and people lose trust in you.
Groww:Everytime I tried to enter the OTP, it shows OTP is expired. Sometimes I don't get OTP in 30sec. How can I invest money via this app if you could not able to handle basic security things properly.
Groww:Overall the experience is good. But need to add a Family account. The type of orders should be as a drop-down and not hidden under the sidebar. 30 Days Moving Average will be helpful if added I invited my wife on this app but was not able to see the connection or benefits (If any) anywhere even after her first trade.
Groww:Very good application and good feature. i would like to suggest one thing if you can implement. Please add feature to checking over laping of difference mutual fund. This will help invester to check the same.
Groww:Worst app.....I sold shares, and the order was executed, but the money has not been transferred to my account. Despite filing a complaint through the app, no one has responded. There is no customer care number to contact directly. This is the worst app I have ever used. Please do not invest money through this app."
Groww:This app is not working properly that's why I am unable to update it. I have tried continuously to add money from 6th of June but not able to do the same due to same I could not transfer fund to buy/ trade some scripts. Also not getting proper/ timely response from support team to resolve the issue. Still issue not solve by groww team.
Groww:One of the worst app. Many clicks required for a simple thing. Watchlist arrangement never works. Separate button for edit and new addition.
Groww:Everything is perfect but I would suggest you to show profit or loss on each single investment or monthly investment which happens in sip .. rather then total profit... So this can give us idea the retuns/ percentage idea of how much return we got of our each individual investment we made... This is not a new feature I see and use many apps where they show total profit but also individual profits of each sip occured
Groww:It was stated that the verification process would take a maximum of 48 hours, but it has now exceeded that timeframe and my account remains unverified. This is an unacceptable deviation from your own stated policy. I have already invested a significant amount of time and provided all the necessary documentation. It would not take more than 15 minutes to complete the verification. Do you really feel that I should trust you now?
Groww:Guyss I have been using grow for many years don't use this app when ever there a big event recent example 4 June grow app was not allowing me to use my own fund to my share and or else there will some or there technical issues it's not the first time this has happened it's always something or other. Don't know about other app. But I feel it's better to have a broker
Groww:After updating to the latest version, it ask for OTP after setting up the pin, but I didn't get the OTP number. Seems like the OTP feature is not working. Please fix this asap as I'm not able to get into my account.
Groww:Worst App ever every time when market crash (down) & we want to buy anything there's is showing some technical issue and when market is up if we want to sell same error some technical issue. Worst App Ever. Don't use groww app guy's if you want to use then you can use Zerodha App it's a amazing app
Groww:User experience is nice but my main problem is when I open a chart evrything works fine till I'm using Daily or greater timeframe, the problem starts when I shift to smaller time frems from 4 hour to 1 minute. The chart only shows recent candles in smaller time frems. When I slide right to see the previous candles evrything just disappears and the moving averages also disappear. My request to team Groww is please fix this as soon as possible. I'm facing difficulties analysing charts.
Groww:I am not able to create watchlist, I have only 4 watchlist, the create button is gone, if I try it says not ablento create anymore, don't understand what's the issue in creating as many watchlist possible? How do I separate my options sectorwise or planwise? Very disappointing. We should be able to create as many as we want.
Groww:Groww is a good app with easy to use UI, but when you need it the most it will not work. It stopped working on exit poll day we cannot sell the shares and on election day we could not add funds on it, and not able to purchase shares. There can be sometimes glitches also
Groww:The customer care service is very poor, with a waiting time of more than 20 minutes to speak to an executive. There are so many bugs in the grow app graph. After recent updates it's so irritating. Prefer alternative to grow if possible.
Groww:Go and download zeroda or upstock or any other app. Whenever there is a peak time to sell or buy, every time the groww app will fail. It will fail for half hour or more and get back normal when you misses all opportunities. Very bad experience and then also the groww is not working on it.
Groww:Totally thief app.. always stole Money from grow a/c if I get profit 250 they credit only 140..but they show my charge is 11 rs only... When I get profit 50 60 rs they are not credit any money. And also dedicated money from main balance without any reason
Groww:Customer friendly and easy to use. But buffering issue sometimes which is bad.
Groww:Customer support is the worst. No response via email or chat for any service request. My money is stuck in their account over a month.
Groww:It automatically logged me out and when i was trying to login it said 'an otp sent to your mobile ' while no otp has been sent. My contact number was correct and internet connection is good. It is simply not letting me login. Probably it will cause losing all money i invested
Groww:Please add some more watchlists. It's very few in there. And please focus on mobile tradingview charts, somewhat it forgets all the indicators I have placed and there is not proper synchronisation of charts between web version and app version.
Groww:When the time comes to actually invest immediately the app always goes down. Essentially you will never be able to extract a lot of profit as in volatile market when everyone is trying to do transaction, the app fails
Groww:Pathetic customer care service. I had opened a ticket (no. 15733762) on 3rd July. It's still not resolved and they have stopped responding to my queries.
Groww:One suggestion to app developers, under stocks menu, for each stock plz give an option to save a small notes abt that stock, wer we can type in our targets for the stock and stop loss we can set...plz give us this feature it will be very useful to all...when we click and hold on the stock we are holding we should be able to see or edit the note.
Groww:Mutual fund is okay, but stocks experience poor in this app.. Date 4 March 2021 Due to the app stuck...all orders are stuck book losses.. This is not a good app ... It does not deserve even 1 star.. today, 27 June again, order execution issue. Facing huge loss More than 40 min on call, but no one are pick my call
Groww:Very bad customer support don't invest on this app insted of that one you can choose Others. They need to teach their employees that how to behave with the consumers. And last thing don't think to download this app if you will invest your money and face any issue then you won't get any support from their team. Muchal fund Dashboard all ways worn update and customer not supported
Groww:Don't waste your time on this app.. it's not a good app . You will never grow on this app. If market price is 177.8 it will charge you 180. And never get correct intrest on sip.. worst app..and portfolios are also fake on this app when you are part of the sip it will show you loss and once you are tired of it and redeem it will show you hight interest suddenly..
Groww:Hello today 12-7-2024, due to app glitch i have lost my money. I have tried many times to exit from live order,but didn't exited. After that i placed an order on limit. I have cancelled that order,but after 5-10 second i saw in position order is live.Seriously you guys are not working on your app glitch. I want my money back
Groww:Pathetic. This app fails to work when it is most needed. Funds couldn't be added not withdrawn. I thought this was better than the bank apps. I couldn't be more wrong. Join with ICICI or HDFC. I would give zero stars if that was an option. DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE GROWW.
Groww:Always problem with order and chart.Worst costumer care services I ever see. Every time I call the customer care number they kept me waiting for 20-30 min to connect their agents.
Groww:The good thing about this app which I like the most is, it shows the parameters of the stocks along with the buy/hold/sell percentages. This helps users to choose and buy the stocks. Not only stocks, the MF page is also easy to understand and buy MFs. Overall a good app.
Groww:5th June when price dropped for most of the stocks then balance not displayed and I can't buy stocks, in the pick time I faced that type issue 2-3 times please enhance this application , most of the people got loss in that day. And I faced one of the UI issue in the application, in the Pay tab when I clicks on Reactive UPI Lite button then the bottom overlay button looks hidden can't see the button properly, please fix this
Groww:Well to start with...they don't let you write a review if you give them one star on Apple app store. Second the customer care is worst, don't expect any satisfactory answer on any query from them. Withdrawal of money is quite painful just like other FRAUDULENT APPS like octa fx or so. There are better more transparent players in the market, opt for them and avoid this app.. seriously folks not worth
Groww:Useless app, Useless customer care, says the same response but never does anything. App full of bugs and was never able to buy a single stock. Called customer care almost 15+ times over a month and got the same response that within 2 days the same query would be solved but it was never solved. Please invest in somewhere good app. . Edit2: TICKET ID 15250493 EDIT 3: Sorry to say, but this is the same reply I got 12 times beofre, it never got updated. Also I have done the re kyc multiple times.
Groww:I've been using groww since a year. Experience was smooth and amazing. I've a request to add feature to create goals for mutual funds where each fund can be assigned and accessed time to time to specific goal. E.g. I've 7 MF through groww. I can make group of MF and create a goal and each goal performance can be accessed seperately. Please implement this feature in upcoming update.
Groww:Login via fingerprint isn't working in this update. Default option to bring up fingerprint doesn't work, and click to login via fingerprint button doesn't pull up fingerprint reader. OnePlus 11 android 14
Groww:I am unable to use fingerprint option to unlock the app. Even after clicking use fingerprint, option does not appear.
Groww:Worst app , it give only email login option there is non of other option is available. Customer care is not supported.
Groww:What the hell is wrong with this app. Everytime, this app lags when there is volatility in market. If you are not able to provide services, then why are you running it. Who is responsible for the losses?
Groww:This Application Is Good "Grow has speedy emerge as one in every of my preferred apps, way to its sleek layout and powerful capabilities. The apps versatility permits me to live organized, informed, and linked, all from the benefit of my cell tool. I appreciate the attention to element and determination to user pleasure that the builders have positioned into Grow. Its absolutely a recreation-changer and a should-have app for all of us trying to improve their typical virtual enjoy.
Groww:Worst app it's always slow and unable to do any transactions all getting failed. Also tries to reach customers support no response till 20 min chat board also no response
Groww:Fraudulent Alert: I am unable to keep eyes on all transactions especially after rules of 20% keep amount and return after T+1 EOD. So asked about the statement. Denied and I can't see the credit amount in account. So be ready to pay your profit to groww, if you are up for this platform otherwise choosing another platform like upstox or motilal is advisable.
Groww:I had high hopes for Groww, but my experience with their customer support has been incredibly frustrating. When I encountered an issue with the app, I reached out for assistance, only to find that their customer support team was unresponsive and unhelpful. Despite multiple attempts to contact them, I received no call back or resolution to my problem. It's incredibly disappointing to invest in a platform that fails to provide adequate support when needed. I would not recommend Groww to anyone.!
Groww:This app is very pathetic and also their customer service. Grow is taken haven't back my unsuccessful stock purchase money. How I can invest a big amount in this app Customer support is useless. I want to uninstall this app.
Groww:Great experience. Smooth transactions. Great listing & analysis shown on the app.
Groww:Worst experience can't login using mobile number. E mail ID is always required for login. Hence the account cannot be given to anyone for handling. Please update the login process which will be able to login using either mobile number or email id only.
Upstox:Hi, I have been using upstox since 2 year. While trading today I observed a glitch in your app.It showing incorrect data in F& O segment. It showing Zero 0 average pricing for my yesterday carry forward call after few seconds I closed that call but all of sudden that call was open automatically and showing loss for 5 to 6 sec and close automatically. Please look into this. Thanks!
Upstox:I've been using Upstox for a while and it's one of the fastest brokers out there. However, the PCR (Put-Call Ratio) data isn't updated automatically and manual refreshes often show data that's 5-8 minutes old. Sensibull has only a 3-minute delay, which is more efficient. Additionally, The PCR chart works well on the mobile app but lacks functionality on the web application. Everything else is great, but Sensibull would be more useful if it were fully free.
Upstox:I've been using Upstox for my share market investments and I've noticed a small issue that I believe could be easily resolved. The mutual fund-related information on the app doesn't seem to be syncing properly. It doesn't refresh daily and continues to display outdated data. This makes it challenging for me to accurately track my investments, including daily and total returns.
Upstox:it is very noisy platform. all junk alerts they include under 'default notification' catagory and we don't have any option to opt out that. if you disable default notification, then all other important alerts also disappeared. High time to consider alternative trading platform
Upstox:Indicators not working properly. If we move a candlestick chart, indicators are supposed to move. They don't move . eg if you have supertrend and price is above it then it's buying signal. Now suppose if we slide the the chart down then candlestick will be below supertrend. So irritating. Same happened with moving averages also Need to fix the bug immediately
Upstox:App is very good. I have been using it since long time. One suggestion is as the strategy builder feature is already added in this broker, apart from this feature, please add pay off graph as well while we make strategy through strategy builder. Along with that, you can add strike price shifting suggestion if strategy fails. It will be very useful for option sellers as well as option buyers who do strategy based trading.
Upstox:"I'm disappointed with Upstox's customer support. I've been repeatedly disconnected while trying to reach a representative, and there have been hidden charges without any notifications. I haven't experienced these issues with my other broker." This version keeps the core message concise and focuses on the specific problems you encountered. It avoids negativity and emphasizes your experience with another broker for comparison.
Upstox:Dear Team Yesterday evening I received an update and post that update, this app is crashing. It is not even allowing you to keep application open for 5 minutes. Within 1 to 2 minute application is getting closed automatically and sometime becomes unresponsive which is frustrating and annoying, Look into this immediately and update. I tried resetting it, unstalling and installing once again but the problem remains same
Upstox:App bombards us with unwanted notifications, spams, news and there is absolutely no way to turn it off, without turning off all notifications (including price alerts, gtt notification etc). pls provide a way to turn off your news and courses notification.
Upstox:Again within 1 week, lost all charts data, pathetic chart sync bug. All charts data are missing , chart shows wrong , every time have to add indicators. Worst experience. No technical staff available for help,waste of time.
Upstox:Upstox is good trading platform. I want to suggest to upstox please also add trigger price and lmt price in gtt order like as in regular order and please remove place order like if price is below, if price is above , immediately . I regularly use gtt order as it has both stop loss order and target order at same time . But in regular order ,it has triggered price and limit price to order which is best but not have stoploss and target price at same time .
Upstox:The app is all good and simplified. Thanks for it. It would be extremely helpful if you add at least 10 more wishlist columns. I add xompanies to my wishlist depending upon their type. So the similar companies are added to the same wishlist. Like agriculture, medicine, electricals and all. Also, we should be able to name the wish list to make it wasier to remember. Pls add these features
Upstox:Warning to all Upstox users: Be prepared to rely on self-help, as their customer service is unresponsive. Despite numerous attempts to reach out, they fail to address queries. And when they finally do, it's just an apology - too little, too late. Take charge of your own support and don't rely on their team.
Upstox:The UI is extremely difficult to navigate and find something. Just build something like INDMoney, that is really easy to use and find. Your app has too much fanciness, too little accessibility. Few days back I was not able to find the NFO option for new mutual funds, and I eventually have up trying after 10 minutes of clicking all options available, I'm not even sure now that you even have that option or not. My suggestion - Build something like Groww or INDMoney if you want to retain customers.
Upstox:I tried opening account twice with his app, after completing the online KYC this has been a disaster & whenever you try to connect with customer support or raise a ticket they just send out an automated email to share hard copies of documents. It's the same response to share the duly filled forms. It's ok I have opened a new account on different platform. Thanks but no thanks. Fyi: your product might be good but your customer support is the worst, might want to take care of that.
Upstox:Hi Team The application is really good. But there are some disadvantages because of that I lost too much. 1. We can't place more than 1800 qty at once. 2. We can't sell 1800 qty at once. Need a solution for this. which helps others as well. 3. Sometimes, we can't cancel the gtt order or not allow us to cancel. Because of this, I also faced losses. ( this especially I faced in positional order) If these issues are fixed, then upstock will be one of the best applications. Thanks
Upstox:It is amazing. But there is one suggestion. Since I like to trade intraday i need to be able to look at multiple indices chart one after the other. It is hard to select them in the drpp down menu over and over again. It would be better if nifty, nifty bank, sensex , midcap are all arranged side by side and we can access their charts by swiping left or right. That would be so much help for me and traders like me.
Upstox:App was best before the update(Deserved 5 Star). Since the latest update the chart is lagging and some changes done in candlestick or chart made new problems. For Example :- Before the update on 1D(1 Day)default view I was able to see the candlestick body and wicks clearly without any zooming but now it just looks straight lines. Also if any indicator is applied to chart everytime I reopen or reload the chart the indicator is not visible untill I slide chart. Solve the problem soon.
Upstox:The previous upstox interface was far better. The colors were complementing each other plus not harder on eyes during dark mode.. Now the purple color is so distracting.. I don't know why.. Either make it little brighter or make the black darker.. Second is the interface.. Please learn from groww.. They are so simple to navigate.. I just get confused by looking new upstox interface... I like the old interface though.. And using the old app only for my daily investment and trades..
Upstox:UI is much more complicated than it needs to be. Placing order & squaring off their position while adding Trailing SL & TGT is a nightmare. Sometime when I try to exit my position it create a Option Sell order instead of squaring off my Position. One might get used to it after using few years but other apps like Groww & Angel One have extremely simple & intuitive UI. Please try to work on that.
Upstox:Very bad customer support, they are not allowing me to add new bank account. Saying that name and dob mismatch. How this can happen when i created account by doing kyc with valid documents. Even after serveral follow up and courier my documents week back. Its not updated. No satisfactory answer from them. We can not connect with them through app, no call, no feedback. Just waiting for resolution.
Upstox:Upstox App must have the option of setting GTT from Holding or Position. A chart layout once saved doesn't open by default. It's really required to have good and sensible volume of work to make the App a standardized one. Regards. P.S. : I myself have found all the solutions! Though the Support team provided idiotic solutions, rather didn't provide any, all you have to do for the GTT option to come is to update your handset, uninstall the Upstox app, restart the handset, reinstall the app! Yah
Upstox:I am extremely disappointed with the Upstox app. I added my bank account over seven days ago, and it is still showing as "processing." This is ridiculous and unacceptable. Such delays in a basic function make it hard to trust the app for more critical financial transactions. Upstox seriously needs to improve its processing times and customer service response. Overall, a very frustrating experience.
Upstox:It would be better if there are more than 20 lists. Provide ready made names of all the stocks sectorially, so that it will be easier to search. Example:- create a list where all the sectors are present. If I open a sector then all the stocks in that sector must be present. It will be very helpful for fundamental and technical analysis also for choosing stocks.
Upstox:Need to show the equity buying history with breakdown, not just average price with all quantity. Also bold fonts in the main list looks very bad. Long press on list should show the switch to list menu or just switch to next list. Add icon on the top right should be replaced with the search icon for better UX, not everytime one is going to add a script, may be I am looking just for the price and other details without adding them. Also increase button sizes in the popups, thumbs are not so small.
Upstox:Pathetic app..keeps lagging, freezing because of which I incurr loses...even the page where one could see the position in terms of amount while squaring it off in options has been removed ..it's very to square off a position ..on e has to either speculate the target or have a second screen to to see the profit margin to square off
Upstox:The slider option to buy or sell stock is not worth it sometimes the price where you want to buy or sell changes when you slide the bar, earlier option was too friendly and easy to use where one can review before submit. I hope they will enable review option again and remove slider option.
Upstox:I use it since 3years and i feel Good application and essay to navigate.. Stock buying history option is not available if this option added so much be better. Other wise Everything is very good.
Upstox:Put refresh option to refresh scripts. Improve scrolling option to arrange stocks in scripts manually, scrolling not working smoothly in desktop, it takes time to put bottom stock to top, it works good in mobile app. No synchronisation between desktop & mobile app, scripts created using desktop not showing in mobile. Need seamless experience like Zerodha. Thank You!
Upstox:I had marked 1 * last year, and I give the same this year as well. The app is not showing charts since a few days and it seems like nobody cares in fixing it. Very poor performance. Freezing while using with mobile data.
Upstox:Very -Very disappointing upadate version, Where is our watchlist? Personally I made watchlist since last 5 years. Suddenly it's not visible. New version should be convenient for users. It's totally opposite. Due to watchlist reasons I will transfer my shares to other broker. Thanks for inconvenient.
Upstox:I don't know why you people achieve by doing totally app upgrade everytime. Your starting app was wonderful, then you upgraded the same to new one. That's also Ok, somehow managed to work with that. Now again you changed the entire app to new one and frankly speaking this is the worst app now. Pls revert to previous apps.
Upstox:It is very convenient to buy shares but while selling it does not load it just got stuck on login page. I want to sell them. Moreover I am not able to login to my account,it's keep on saying email is already registered.... My issue got resolved within 24 hours. Thanx for reaching out. I have updated the review and rating.
Upstox:Worst demat app i have ever seen in my life. From Display to account settlement everything is full of confusion and ambiguity. In addition they charge extremely high brokerage for something even they are not sure what they do for. In short: dont isntall this app or if u already have uninstall immediately and switch to Growww app. A big big zero to Upstox.
Upstox:Using it since more than 5-6 years. Everything is good. Just one request. Please launch a separate app for mutual fund or add a separate section in the same app. Switch between trader and invester version of the app is ok but not great. separate app only for mutual funds will be great.
Upstox:Such a poor technology. From past days my scene is coming blank. This had become quite frequent and hurting my investment strategy. I had started shifting to others apps.
Upstox:Usability is complex. Do you have plans for a separate app for only investers and traders (and not having MF etc). Also keep it intuitive, where you don't have to recommend training videos to use your app. Your chart is also complex. integrate chart from trading view. One consolidate portfolio view, where I can see my per share profit loss, buy price, qty (all at once) In your app, I need to click button and see 1 field a time. Terrible. I feel your product owner likes button click.
Upstox:This is a very bad app, if you submit an order then 8 more orders get picked up along with it, even if you cancel one order, the other order will get picked up, today I suffered a huge loss, because of this
Upstox:This app is just perfect fastest all even faster than zerodha in soms point but there is glitch in stocks options charts like between candlestick too much gap its the most common problem that trading app have upstox have to work on only two things to become perfect 1.trade from chart(buy/sell/modify like dhan fyers mobile trading app). 2.please fix stocks option chart problem every trading app have this problem excluding only zerodha 2 problems solve than its perfect app
Upstox:Hey Upstox ! Every thing is good but I'm leaving your platform because of these following reasons, hoping you will consider them 1. Sometimes your apps lags to show update of my f&o position. 2. Bring some instant order mode so that as scalper I need to enter and exit quick so seeing spot chart , option change and position, placing order everything on same screen. 3. I pay a lots of brokerage which annoy me a lot, please bring some subscription based model so that I have to pay only once a year
Upstox:I had tried to pay tha SIP but there was insufficient balance in the account, then I never got the option again to do the payment. I even clicked on order again but it just threw me to the SIP page. Today it is showing that the order is failed and the next payment date is of next month. Please make a working option to manually make the payment in case of failure.
Upstox:Amazing app, has all the necessary features to help users delve into the stock market and make informed choices for buying and selling stocks. The provision of Market Expert's opinion on buying or selling stocks of some of the prominent companies is what I found amazingly unique to this app. And the simplicity of the app's interface is absolutely lovely. Kudos to the development team!
Upstox:The app looks good. But dark theme is not available in investors page and only enabled in traders page. Also there is some glitch on opening the app as it shows wrong/Nil invested amount and gets corrected after few seconds automatically.
Upstox:I start investment as a beginner in these app for 100rupees and i don't know why how, they cut my 20 rupees without any history cut or history proof where it goes my money I been waiting for 3day , I thought it was some technical problems but not , to all who see these comment or review,better to choose another app
Upstox:Since 2022 account is in activation process If logging into an app is so complicated, imagine how difficult it would be to use it. I've been trying to create an account since May 2022. If I use my phone number, it asks for an email ID. When I enter my email ID, I get a reply saying "Oops, this email ID is already registered."
Upstox:This version is very Bad. The interface is very different & difficult. The old version is very good for understand the chart & trading. Because of this version i can't understand & face the lose. We need old version, it's an request Upstox
Upstox:One of the worst app. Don't use it. No current updates about the stocks. When we purchase a sip plan it's taking 4 to 5 days for processing. When we try to withdraw our money, it also very difficult. They have more paid reviews about the app, everyone telling about the UI, if a stock marketing app current stock updates are more important not UI
Upstox:This app was very good before update. After the latest update, I am not able to see the complete stock list in Discover-->Home-->Smartlists-->Stock. Now I am seeing only top 5 gaining and losing stocks. Whereas previously I could see the complete/full stock list I request the developers to kindly revert back to to PREVIOUS VERSION. Then, I will update this to 5 stars. Thank you!
Upstox:The app is loaded with features with the pro mode taking it to the next level. But the major problem that I'm facing is that UPI payment to deposit funds keeps failing frequently, giving an error message that receiver's bank declined the payment. Kindly fix the issue since multiple people around me are facing the same issue quite often.
Upstox:Old up stock app is good and simple for trading. new is good but not that much necessary many features added full of switches cannot understand quickly .cannot add funds takes ten minutes in timer. lot of time waste so old upstock app is best don't stop old upstok app many old customer will switch.
Upstox:Previous app with blue background was far better. This app seems to be dull, chaotic and unoptimized app. Please if you can bring back the previous application, it was quite user friendly
Upstox:One of the best application for investing and trading. UI is very simple. The best thing I love about this app is it's customer executive, they deal with each and every problem you face as early as possible... Thanks for making my investment so easy...
Upstox:After recent updates, previously stored charts data vanished. Also i can not change sequences of indicators.. like MACD, RSI, VOLUME.. before update, I'm able to change sequences of indicators on chart
Upstox:Very weird app, not able to talk with our personalised support manager to ask in case of any doubt. Please do the needful. Dear Team, After your reply also I am not able to contact any of the person from upstox support team. Team, thanks for the reply. I am ensuring that my contact details are updated and mobile no. I have uploaded the relevant details in the Google form. Pls review and contact me asap.
Upstox:I love the app... so much... Best among all... Awesome service.... And also we would love an upgrade with positions slot or order slot shortcut on nifty or banknifty chart... It will be so convenient for your clients to track their profit in positions while watching the nifty50 or banknifty chart... Regards.
Upstox:There is problem with sell order, when I press"review order", it stucking there, no forward movement, for this I went to raise ticket but, it is going forward after pressing submit option, I got loss due to this problem Thank u, issue is resolved
Upstox:Nice and supportive app. Rarely sometimes glitches if u see. then uninstall the app and Reinstall. then everything is fine. Maybe some mobile issues happened. App UI is excellent. Suggestion one is plz add timer scale in any chart sidebar that's show how much minutes and seconds left in a any timeframe candles. Plz add this helpful.
Upstox:The old upstox was way better. It had less bugs than this one. I'm always facing problem with my charts, even with an proper internet connection. Half of the times it shows blank screen. Takes 3-4 seconds to show actually movement of candles with realtime changes.
Upstox:You tried to copy a lot of things from Zerodha but they are more user friendly than you. One example of Breakdown of stocks holdings. Your developer tried to immitate them but could not just touch them in showing breakdown of holdings every purchase date waise. Second thing is about instant withdrawal, it is unavailable all the time.
Upstox:The app updates are not tested properly and suddenly the old version stops working and new app on android is always full of bugs. i got locked out of my account and they are taking too long to resolve issues. sometimes GTT order issues also arise randomly. not to mention slippage.
Upstox:Worst app, I couldn't able to continue chat with an agent, every time I am explaining the query when it is about to resolved or responded i am kicking out of the conversation and I am coming back automatically. But I couldn't find any way going back and continue the conversation. VERY IRRITATING I HAVE TRIED FOR FOUR TO FIVE TIMES AND WASTED ALMOST AN HOUR ON THIS WORST CUSTOMER CARE INTERFACE, I AM THINKING THAT I MADE A MISTAKE OPENING ACCOUNT IN UPSTOX.
Upstox:App performance is very bad even with the latest version. Can't able to place the order on time. & Interface is also not upto the mark. (Recommended - use other platforms for investment & trading).
Upstox:I have been facing issue with this app for a couple of days now. Cannot see any charts not can I see my holdings. I have proper internet, but still have the same issue Only after the market is closed, the app works properly. But during market hours I cannot see any charts not my investments.
Upstox:At the time when lower upper circuit gets updated on NSE and BSE but not updated on upstox app. AMO is not able to place the order due to the circuit not being updated..........I want to tell the Uptox team. You check at 8:00 in the morning whether the upper circuit and lower circuit have been updated or not, then go to the BSE website and check......Then you will know what mistake you are making inside the upstox app !!!! BSE website par lower & Upper Circuit Updated HoGaye but app not updated!
Upstox:Very pathetic app . Highly recommended if one wants to loss money.I downloaded the app with a lot of hopes. But a sheer disappointment in so many aspects. The charges are ambiguous. UI is horrible. After using 2 years feeling cheated.
Upstox:I invest in mutual funds. But one requirement I have is, upstocks must provide a feature to update/edit the existing SIP amount like other trading apps. Because in the long run everyone who is investing in mutual funds want to increase their SIP amount every year. They don't want to start a new SIP every year rather they want to update existing SIP. PLEASE IS A REQUEST TO ADD THIS FEATURE OR WE HAVE TO SWITCH TO OTHER APPS.
Upstox:This app is good. But when we a new order which we have closed already of the same strike, they combine the order with the closed order and averaging it. This is ridiculous. So we will have to suffer lose in the closed profited trades also. In my opinion each order should be considered independent. No merging or combining needed.
Upstox:It's a very stupid app. First of all, the brokerage is more than the profit if you are investing under 1k. And the second thing is, I am unable to withdraw the money that I had added. It's showing that there is 0.00 money available to withdraw even though I have over 1k balance. And the bill is not so clear
Upstox:Everything is good features on this app I like and i also like tradingview advance chart in pc version but one major problem who make chart in pc they not save in mobile app so this is dispointing me other all broker this feature I mean web portal save my trend line or other tool but when I open upstox app then all clear i already save. Cloud setting who in your app
Upstox:Excellent, fast. The problem is that you have to open the full skin chart and make the small chart again to see the option chain, Buy or Sell .There is no need to capitalize the stock name or index name at the top of the chart.
Upstox:they are sending response as we will assist you. share your contact. my question is for how many peoples you are going to assist personally?? new app User interface is worst. old app was easy to use and understandable. and this new app is just reverse to it. going to sell out all my portfolio and delete my account and going open new account in some other easy to use UI app. like grow or zerodha.
Upstox:HI have been facing issue while trying to SIP in Mutual funds, I try to invest using net banking with AXIS bank and the bank gateway page crashes leading to failed transaction, it's been happening for a while now I have been investing for more than a year now but did started facing this issue over 2 months ago, have checked in my spouse account and it's the same behaviour. Would appreciate if this can be resolved. Have submitted the video at customer feedback form.
Upstox:There is no setting to change theme to dark mode under app setting for upstox for investors category..Edit: Prompt response from upstox team regarding this. I will wait for the update for dark mode. Rest of the user experience and app performance is great.
Upstox:One of worst costomer support team I've ever came across. I was unable to add one more bank account so I raised a ticket. It took support team a week just to tell me uninstall and reinstall the app and still my query is not solved. Pathetic.
Upstox:There is no option to go to date so it is difficult to go back further. Another thing is that when a level comes, there is no alarm option, so there is no notification that you are close to your level
Upstox:Not optimised for tablets. Always comes in portrait mode. At least allow auto rotation facility.
Upstox:It's an excellent app but we can't modify our mutual fund's or SIP amount. As i want to increase my sip amount but there is no option of it. This feature should come in upstox. Pls it's an request dear upstox team!
Upstox:Why since yester the app is not working on my phone? Everytime I am trying its showing " Unfortunately, Upstox has stopped" ... I couldnt do anything yesterday because of it and still its not working. I am using Samsung J7 mobile.
Upstox:This is good app because I'm using form too long time and we can understand easily and . These are too much features and very secured and it's graphic design and we can find esiliye Shere,s
Upstox:Customer support and app UI is awesome.. But, It would be great if this trade calendar was arranged according to normal days.
Upstox:Everything is good but I am facing 2 times same problems. I am trying my order exit but show error or finally exit in loss plese solve this problem my 10k loss from your glich
Upstox:Only one feedback, setup feature of swipe to change watchlist. Only that is missing. It's bit difficult to change watchlist by tapping that corner and selecting watch you want to view.
Upstox:Worst customer service, and worst application, i lost my profit of the app as couldn't square off on time Second instance -Cannot trust the numbers shown in the app
Upstox:Very bad service, I'm able to add money but can't withdraw money from upstox account. And customer support not able to find correct RC they are saying talk with your bank.
Upstox:Please bring old version that one looks good in interface and in execution also.In this new update interface is very low and slow
Upstox:Not able to complete my application. Asking to esign documents repeatedly even though I have done it. Tried multiple times but nogo. Very frustrating.
Upstox:Excellent app for investments and F& O positions. Your account book management is excellent. I always got settlements in time and never ever a controversy about the amount settled
Upstox:new chart system is too complex ,old chart should be given ,after latest update you have ruined whole chart system in supertrend indicator I am not able to see up arrow neither down arrow clearly
Upstox:The investor mode of this app should also have a dark mode. As we have to spend a lot of time on this app everyday, it hurts the eye. Pls help Still after so long Still no dark mode.
Upstox:Not showing price of stock on touch of graph.......suppose u put finger on graph then price and date should be shown....it wouldn't.... please fix it
Upstox:Useless app. BSE has discontinued portfolio option so thought of installing this just to track portfolio. Verified email and phone. But then there's the whole KYC info. Totally useless for anyone other than those interested in trading. Not useful for tracking existing portfolio. Third class app with potential for excessive invasion of financial security.
Upstox:Just terrible experience...not at all user friendly..old upstox is awesome and user friendly...even one rating also not eligible for new upstox...try to make user friendly
Upstox:Too many recommendations, even my portfolio tab first section also showing stock recommendations. It's too much. In my portfolio tab, first priority goes to my investments right? There is a dedicated explore tab also, it's completely for recommendations. Please remove recommendations in portfolio tab, still want to add them add it in end of the page.
Upstox:Upstox is a very good application for trading. I have been using it for last 3 years. But the indicator does not have a candle stick pattern due to which trading seems incomplete, if candle stick patterns are added to the indicator then trading will be even better.
Upstox:Very nice interface and without any lag. My ine suggest is to bring a feature to show today's return stockwise just like in upstox web platform. As of now we can see today's return of a stock only by tapping on the particular stock.
Upstox:In trader mode, no option to view the purchase date or transaction history of a stock, from portfolio. I think this is a basic necessity for anyone.
Upstox:It is great to see that now i will able to track external fd in one app via upstox tracker but i m not still able to see any option to import fd even after downloading latest update . Help me how can i do this .
Upstox:From today morning on dated 21/06/2024 it is very bad video of font size,chart/candle pattern,indicators view etc problem are facing. It is difficult to analysis the chart/candle pattern/indicates etc also after update the upstox mobile app.
Upstox:I See 2 3 Glitches In The App & Web, Which Needs To Be Solved.. Problems are like can't justify it in here.. Request Upstox to mail me & connect with me. So i can describe it briefly..
Upstox:Everything is perfect but chart are reloading whenever we are doing chart reading and indicators are facing this m main issue
Upstox:App is very good and good performance but no technical section in the stock detail moving average support and resistance r s i everything required
Upstox:App is not working properly after the update i cannot fetch my portfolio as well as no charts and numbers are available . Please resolve
Upstox:I want to change my primary account because it relays on Paytm payments Bank so I need to change on Kotak Mahindra Bank but already raised the request at 4th July 11am but it cannot be changed my primary account on it.. It's today 14th July it's have been 10days. It's shows me that it's need only 48hours please resolve my issue as soon as possible not solved problem ticket number 8614910
Upstox:I requested to open account on 13th may and I was told that it will take only 2 to 3 working days and i will be notified via message or email. It's been 7 working days now and still my profile is saying that account opening is in progress. VERY DISSATISFIED BY UPSTOX IN THE BEGINNING. I marked email to the concerned team and still no reply.
Upstox:UI is very clumsy and every page filled with information. For a new user not easy to use the app. Even after adding the funds account closure showing negative balance.
Upstox:In my opinion upstox is the best app I have ever used. Because its customer service is unsurpassed and provides easy interface for users . That's why anyone can run and understand this app without any problem. This app should be the first choice for beginners. And everything from investing to trading is available in this app. My personal favourite is in this app divide into 2 segments. One for investors and another for traders.
Upstox:Worst trading app. Always reset the saved indicators list. For what purpose the save view option is given? You deserve 0 rating
Upstox:Charts are not loading for more than 2 weeks. What is wrong with upstox recently? App is very slow. My internet is fine & other broking apps are working fine. Why don't you spend a fraction of IPL advertisement cost in improving the app? Why would you even advertise if servers don't have the capacity to host that huge number of new members joining seeing those ads? Pathetic.
Upstox:Very poor app amd their customer support staff is pathetic they don't even know the facts and unable to resolve the issue. To withdraw the funds, you will have to wait a week time. For instant payment you should stopped all your trading for two days then it will be able for you. They will never be called and always refer that will share the terms and conditions text...read it and understand at your own.
Upstox:This is terrific app, but yes some things like funds, Order History should be a single tab thing. They should also work on reducing the brokerage as it is the highest when compared to its tech peers.
Upstox:Please,add a feature on live chart for scalper like one click entry , one click exit . Show profit and loss on live chart.
Upstox:Very poor app. Trading view charts are not working properly. And stop lossalso not hitting some times. Their own chart is not good to view then how can we use charting and all. Very poor I would rate zero if the option ia there.
Upstox:App is not working properly.... every time when open the app u have to apply filter.... filter is not permanent working.......also if we r going inside of stock from list and back to list ....list going to top.....I think old version was good.
Upstox:One of the worst app out there. Many times it fails to hit the Stop loss and when you call the customer care they say it's SEBI's mistake.
Upstox:Worst app ever. Monthly charges is too much i don't like it. I ever pay only monthly charges without any income from this app. Totally wasting of money i m selling my all stocks end pay monthly charges now I'm going to close my account from this waste app . And uninstall this app ever.
Upstox:Its Very Nice but When Selling Shares as a beginner, (total charges are more). Pls (Lower the Total Charges for Selling the Shares for Beginners) . Thank you.
Upstox:I think I should stop live trading from Upstox application now. Whenever I minimize the application during live trading, it does not work for some time. This problem occurs even during wifi connection And it is present in other mobile also.
Upstox:Man Bring the old one. New one takes lot time for chart analysis. Why are you shutting the old one. UI matters a lot, you People have messed up the UI in New One. Well if you dont kept the old one alive I may search for a New Broker.
Upstox:Such a brilliant and user friendly interface for investors and traders both ... Best treding experience, I just can't imagine to shift in any other brokers.
Upstox:The new Upstox upgrade is great. Company Financials, Charts, News are all in one place. Helped me avoid jumping across apps. Now, I'd like to keep Upstox always running without logging out!
Upstox:Place a gtt order but upstox executed it as regular,and make me in loss,,and now they are not ready to listen anything. So much glitches in app. I personally don't recommend anyone to go for this app plz save your money and switch to other glitches free platform. There are much better alternate options available.
Upstox:Everything is looking great but many times when I want to do sip, Continue button won't allow me to click and go ahead. I think it's bug.
Upstox:I'm disappointed with this app . I didn't get the option of buying and selling. Even there is number default in some place numbers are written half. Many times I uninstalled and install again but no effect
Upstox:Upstox new UI is horrible. There is so much unnecessary information loaded in every page that I can't find what I am looking for. Too much navigation, clicks, too many scrolls to finally reach the information I want which is frustrating especially when timing is a crucial factor here. Old UI was simple and intuitive. Please don't compromise the user experience for marketing other features and content. Please work on defining a consistent information architecture and model.
Upstox:How many problems are there in upstox these days!?, last day for a few minutes i stopped breathing, placed GTT order for Option, first its triggered traget, then it went back downward and triggered to trail stop-loss and stoploss, and again it went forth target then downward but upstox never executed any of this, this would have washed-out my entire capital,
Upstox:I am sorry to say this but I have to because I sold some of my stocks today and the stocks are gone along with the money. No money is credited in my account also I tried to reach out for help in upstox app but every time the person from upstox tells me that money is credited to my account, I just checked my account and after that I am not able to chat with the same person again, this happened twice because this application will not allows me to get help from their agents even if they try to help
Upstox:Can improve on charts as well as graphics. Could also include all relevant information like Money control so that users will have everything at one place.
Upstox:It is a excellent platform. But one suggestion please the app watchlist switching option is very bad. Please make it sliding to horizontal please.
Upstox:Worst experience. Loose 20k just because of app glitch and customer support system is very poor.. many times you will face that you order will not excute just because of app issue so you can loose your money. Very very worst app. Customer support system is very bad.. no solutions they have they are blaming all your fault not accepting their fault.. please go to consumer forum if they also done this with you. I am trying to raise the concern to consumer forum.
Upstox:App is user friendly but with the latest update that when selling stocks swip to sell option is very uncomfortable. After entering Tpin stocks sold automatically. Previously it will shows sell or buy option this will very helpful.
Upstox:The daily trading reporting details are not good. When I buy shares and sell shares, I get a order detail statement. In the order detail statement the taxes and charges are not clear. I mean the demat charges are mentioned in one row. And I can't figure out for which trade this is deducted. I think for each row there should a column about how much is demat charges and 9% SGST, 9 % CGST on charges, STT DEL charges. This should be for each share bought or sold.
Upstox:There are hidden charges. When you are making huge profit you will not realise it. But if you make small profits like 500, or below 2000 you can realise it. On 4 th July I made profit of 2081 rupees. But 931 rupees deducted from my account. Profit had not been added. There were only 13 trade of small lots. Thus they always looting money cliently using hidden tactics. Don't use this app
Upstox:Good and many features but i like old version. Because I'm not counfus any trad. And good interface This new version its to difficult. I dont understand. Plz reinstalled the old version
Upstox:Showing account opening in progress for 7 days...edit: 17 days now...i cant even delete my account since its still in opening process..have already raised a ticket 10 days back...rcvd a call...that was it..please let me delete my profile
Upstox:I did not like the interface of this new upstox. It feels like too much of data filled in. The old upstox app was way more better and sorted!
Upstox:This is an excellent app.i have been using for my share market investment.i have been using upstox for a while and it's one of the fastest broker out there .Upstox offers competitive brokerage rates, allowing traders to save on transaction costs.
Upstox:Disappointed. There's no help or customer service. Just automated gimmicks. I invested in an IPO, however I didn't get any and I'm yet to get a refund. My money is in limbo.
Upstox:Anoying news notification. That cann't be stopped. Otherwise good app. I want only trade notification open like zerodha. But in upstox news notification remain always open. If you try to stop them trade notification stops as well. Please fix this.
Upstox:After updating the app lagging app not working smoothly and one more thing history of payment is not there in the app.
Upstox:Hi Upstox team, Can you pass this message to your developer team, Can we have an "Index" menu ( Eg: Nifty 50, Banknifty) under the "PORTFOILO" section? in the next version upgrade. Same as having under the "My List" and "Discover" section. If this can be added, then it would be useful. Regards, Anik.
Upstox:It takes ages to get account active, you need to improve on that. And then it takes another verification to get wallet active wow!! Why not do everything at once or in parallel than sequential!!
Upstox:Its very bad experience as even 10 days after opening account its not got activated. I think they have enough customer hence no one is bothered to reply back. I called customer care thrice but got 3 different answers and not a solution. Seems they have huge customer and dont need new one. So don't open new account here very bad service.
Upstox:I have installed this app and was trying to create my account with all formalities. But my application is getting rejected everytime due to some invalid signature. Quite stranve. Meanwhile I am using same signature on all my personal and professional documentation
Upstox:This app has biggest issue is it have option of MF purchase in demat mode only. Also they don't let you know about it, There are too many issues in viewing your holdings and listing views. also the tracking of funds nav is not easy to understand and measure the changes Re This you have to mention in app description and also get concent from users because mostly investors are unaware that their investment is in demat mode and required demat account
Upstox:The application is good easy to understand as compare to another app there is only one problem of the trg get triggered in spike !so we get update that trg has been triggered but the level didn't get exists! Please solve this problem as soon as possible every time for this reason I have lost many time!so just solve..
Upstox:Everything I like this about the app.UI is designed good.Only feature I would suggest is that upstox should add the dots on the graph of mutual funds , it would show the at which point of graph we have invested.
Upstox:Limit order sell option is not working properly. We want to limit the order on a specific market price. Not on the total value of our shares. And also we need to limit the order for months. Not only for a single day, most of the times the option to limit order for months is not seen there. Please don't cause troubles.
Upstox:Didn't like the new feature of the app while exiting the trades. The previous version was the best in terms of quick entry and exit of the trades. It is taking time to exit from any trades and that's causing losses.
Upstox:Very degerous app I have added 1000 rs fund in upstox and for a day it was reflecting in the app another day i checked but it was zero, when I checked the whole ledgure their was no transaction history available I have not traded anytinh still my money has gone somewhere. I ll not recommend to use this app, kotak Neo is best in such cases
Upstox:You can't choose uppar circuit price or lower circuit price. If you are new please don't use upstox. It will make loss . Because upstox don't allow to buy amo order by fixing price. All my friends already leave upstox. So my request please don't make loss and don't inspire this kind of app . Now upstox only spending money on advertisement not app improving. So don't be fool. Be smart use another app. Previous upstox was very good and user friendly but now upstox pro is very bad app.
Upstox:Using zerodha for years and then groww, needed separate demat account for another mobile ,installed this based on ads ,tried to fit in, but no use turns only a pure disappointment ,Even no use in explaining, Closed upstox account to find that amount in upstox money has not been credited to my bank,proving my decision to leave upstox is 100%correct,Opened angelone which was better, It was felt likedowngraded to upstox, never as an upgrade,Ui is Not end user appealing and detailed ,Peace,Thanks
Upstox:Kindly provide current profit, target and stop loss indication on chart with drag feature. This feature is present with Fyer and trading view applications. So currently providing 2 star. I will update it to 5 star if this feature will be provided.
Upstox:Very bad app . When generate tpin . It always buff.. until the price get down. Fund withdrawal status is very slow and they use fund to trading by themselves. Making fool customer you deduct money from trading account and neither credit to bank account. Amount is where . Only where you trade. Timing of credit is very funny that is 08am to 03 pm . Which is time of market open. Instant imps is fully to make fool and shows unavailable.. Very bad service in fund withdrawal...
Upstox:I lost money because of the gtt order issue.muliple time inset gtt order but.most of the time it crossed the buy price and hit target but It doesn't trigger the order..this is a very big issue and I had raised quarries on app but no response,
Upstox:Navigation is very tough in the app. As a new user it took me a long time to finally find things. Especially portfolio or funds balance etc. Please tweek it. Take inspiration from binance app or grow app
Upstox:Worst service, I placed one order from Upstox and they divided it into 3 different orders and deducted brokerage on all orders buy and sell each so on one order they deducted Rs120 of brockerage charge which is not correct, and when I called customer service they have no solution to it. Very bad service and worst experience.
Upstox:After placing a GTT order entry price execute after that SL hit and exceuted but after sometimes it showing new order execute at same price and loss was too much how can be I trust in Upstox its like fruad after mailing no response till now from Upstox. As your brokerage is very high, your service is very poor, ledger and p&l section is also not good. Looking for other platform.
Upstox:referral pending list is not showing the referrals properly...i shared it to two people but its showing only one person in the pending list...I ALREADY EMSILED ISSUE DETAILS..but there's no use....the problem is not fixed
Upstox:Its a good app.But,upstox needs to add profit n loss feature on chart like dhan app for the better of scalpers. So that scalper can easily trade on upstox. This is my favorite app.Please add the features i mentioned above.
Upstox:Worst customer care services. Please don't download this App. My entire investment under risk. I think this is lost due to apps lack of customer care. I have Kyc issue 6 Month letter from Account opening & My account is frozen. Not any help from customer care. I have multiple try to solve this issue but not any guidelines from support staf. Beware Try any other Good service demat
Upstox:Superb Application I used ever. Upstox is continuously upgrading it's features at a pro level like highly paid brokers do.. Only one thing is there which I feel restriction and that is limited history data on hourly chart...
Upstox:Worst app. app Is taking too long time to open. sometimes it is not opening and hanging my phone. when really want, it is always not opening and making mobile slow. Needs to be fix this issue asap.. by app developers..
Upstox:Upstox really seems to fraud, withdrawing amounts from the fund I have withdrawn 189/- and added 2400/- later, but the balance shows 2210.42/- then checked ledger which says 189.59/- was again withdrawn and successfully credited to my bank account, but I didn't received the 189.59/-, so the amount was looted by the company. Even though it's a small amount, i have planned for a lawsuit against the company if the refund of 189.59 was not made to my account.
Upstox:Where is the option buying and selling at market price and where is the stoploss market option. Everybody be careful. It's a too dangerous app for pro trader. And option trader. Maybe it is time to leave from here. Useless app. Stop your useless service.
Upstox:I have been using upstox since long and you have never disappointed. I love all the new features. But I habe a request, if you colud add an option to show daily P&L in mutual fund as well, that will be great and helpful to track the growth on daily basis.
Upstox:Using for 4 years and now going to stop this one. Got two major loss due to app side issue and when i asked they are telling something different. Currently reported the last issue to SEBI. Go for Dhan its best charges less than this one
Upstox:Your customer service need good training. Couldn't help with an issue. Also customer support platform needs an improvement, it's not at all helpful and handy.
Upstox:Worst experience,Third class app. Visibility and backgoround not suitable,compared to older version. And in 4hour chart past candles are missing only 6months chart visible.
Upstox:-5 star should be there to rate this app. Old Version was good to use. But New Version comes with: Chart Loadinnnggg........................ Eroor. And with a lot of spam advertisement as if you are paid to see these advertisements.
Upstox:Your support UI is abysmal. If the window of the chat is closed due to back button, you will have to chat from start. Very unfriendly UI or is it intensional ?
Upstox:Recently encountered an issue while doing intraday trading, I was unable to sell my lots in nifty i literally tried for 3 hours ended with no use, contacted customer care they also unable to help. Today I contacted customer care connected to PA-Akansha Dhotre he/she directly said that this money can't be settled by upstox. To creat account they ll provide customer support in what's app but issue they won't. That too they are very keen to close chat.
Upstox:In option chain, would you plz consider this!? (1) Long-short build-up and unwinding column to grasp the OI data. (2) Colour code for high OI , high volume, O=H and O=L data in every option price if fullfill the criteria. (3) Can single order punch for both call and put buying or selling through option chain only.
Upstox:You are the best brokers with most features, but why don't you add trigger price in gtt. What the problem in adding it, you have that feature AMO & Intraday but not in GTT.Due to this feature I have to switch to other brokers. If a stock certain break a certain price I must have the option to place a limit oder upto which price I like to buy the stock. Tired of checking every update for trigger price in GTT. Wish to see the this feature in next update.
Upstox:I'm using upstox since 2019 and I was still using older version only but In this year,I have switched to its this newer version and it has all those features that one trader need.All things are perfect.
Upstox:Upstox app -most of the time the prices nd charts are not updated with prices. The prices become blank. Please work on getting these system issues fixed.
Upstox:The functions and the app design is good. But the app crashes in every 2 minutes.. pathetic experience to use
Upstox:upstox is updated time to time. it help to analyse the stock. it has multiple bucket list of stock. upstox trading view chart problem some time ago, but now a recent day,month they are solve this problem. also customer service very supportive and helpful. before buying and selling of stock they are showing various taxes brokerage fees etc. it's mean it not any hidden charges.
Upstox:Upstox is the best platform for trading in Indian market... No bugs , no glitches (even Zerodha is facing glitches sometimes) . Best platform for charting (Only difference between Fyers is that Fyers have "Seconds" timeframe)
Upstox:recent update made upstox impossible to use as background, whenever I hover to other app, chart on upstox resets automatically and i need to again scroll back to specific date
Upstox:The interface is not that good. They tried to stuff too much things everywhere, affecting the overall user friendliness
Upstox:I loved the features providing by upstox but now a days many issues coming, some times previous days candle missing in the chart. Also upstox charging brokerage for equity delivery but other trading platform free brokerage forbequity for which many traders shifting to other platforms, upstox need to lookup for this brokerage matter.
Upstox:The new app is very hesitate. So many options are there in one place. Very deficult to used for beginners or who are came from old version upstock app
Upstox:Worst application for buying and selling stocks. I am very disappointed that I cannot give them 0 star and forced to give them 1 star. Sometimes I feel like crying when I want to buy or sell the stock and make profit but you are not able to add fund or sell your stock at that peak time. This application is having a lot of bugs. I wanted to buy a stock at 892 but it went 916.
Upstox:Upstox old app was good. Upstox new app interface is not good. Upstox new app in chart IQ chart not working properly & I use only chart IQ So Please update like old version. Upstox new version chart IQ in laging issue. Upstox new version mainly OPPO MOBILE Phone in huge issue and Oppo mobile phone in Chart IQ chart not working and I m facing laging issue.
Upstox:This is the worst platform I have encountered. I placed mutual fund order on 4th 12pm, they credited the units with NAV of 5th. When I reached their help center, they say they are investigating. Nothing useful. My question why the execution was delayed from your end?
Upstox:Old version is having user friendly interface so that we can track all details easily. If possible please provide me old app version.
Upstox:Old version of upstox was very easy to use yet I can use the all the charts.now this app is very complicated no charts.why can't I use the old app.
Upstox:Latest UI is pathetic. Not able to set alert s. Not able to find the bell icon to set the alert.
Upstox:Do not use this app. I want to change DOB and name. I provide my all documents still they not made change from last 1 month.. just for silly mistakes. Then what is point provide documents.
Upstox:It would be better if app provides to multi account login option. I'm also tracking account of my family member and right now It requires me use old app for that account because new app allows only one login.
Upstox:There was an error when i tried to sell the shares and next date there was significant drop in price of those shares. I suffered huge loss. This app is not trustable.
Upstox:Apps is very good and easy to use. But so many time buffing and chart are conflicting.
Upstox:Worst customer service support, I have requested for Mobile number change through app but it's been 27 days & it is still not get done. I have called many times to customer care/Compliance desk regarding this but no one cares about it. Really pathetic approach by Upstox team. Get Irritated.
Upstox:Worst app I've ever seen, charge a lot and do not show the transaction history . My whole account is empty due to unusual charges that too they hide from us .
Upstox:Rock strong app..I would kindly request you to enlarge the scope of kill switch....to 3 hrs,6hrs or EOD. This will go a long way to reduce anxiety of getting locked for a longer period
Upstox:You can't modify SIP at all. Forgot about the mandate, not even per month value or date. If it is a ELSS mutual fund then if you want to change the bank account it not possible in upstox, and your money is stuck for 3 years now. Really pathetic service for highest brokerage in the market.
Upstox:Worst app ever, i have bought a share of price 538 and sell it, on thr same day that share i bought again at price of 438. But in holdings it still show 538. When i talk to customer care he said that yhe least price was sell so it is displaying 538. I do not recommend this app for short selling.
Upstox:I have never ever used such a scam application in my whole life all time for everything charges excess charges and no service and the reply they are providing is also false "NO ONE SHOULD ENTER THIS SCAM" I'm reviewing for others to let know everything as they replied no support and help from their team side I've tried reaching them a lot anyways bye bye u scammers
Upstox:Worst things happening this days after update on 13 june all indicators are not working properly and its so irritating. Upstox team should fixed it as soon as possible. other wise its become a worst app for Trading. .............
Upstox:From last 3 months I am raising the issue about placing the order in commodity segment. But till date my issue is not resolved. I have sent several emails, communicated with chat support, spoken to dealer but all goes meaningless. Very poor service. I am leaving the upstox forever !
Upstox:Worst service my mf shares are in upstox demat as units and I'm unable to place a sell order. The apps shows the funds are in lockIn period and these funds doesn't have a lockin period The video and all I tried but it won't work and I send the email mutiple times to your team Check the ticket Track your ticket - ID[#8505577]
Upstox:I am trying to open an account but when I click on 'Terms of service' to view the document,nothing shows. Please update the terms and conditions section.
Upstox:My request for Unexceptionally High charges is still not resolved even after 2 weeks of time. 80,000 charges deducted from the account. I have called 2 times but still it's not resolved
Upstox:I'm using upstairs for last 4 years, the UI is very friendly, quick tips help you to understand what is what and fast response.
Upstox:For the beginners upstox app is much better than other app. Implemented UI is very simple & easy. Every thing is proper listed and easy to understand.
Upstox:The App was really nice, but Not working properly after the Last update (28/05/2024) charts are not loading properly, difficult to execute a trade on time.
Upstox:Improve user experience. It's is good for option trade. But mobile app is lacking something which i cannot explain. Not getting that feel.
Upstox:New update is not easy to trade. . You have to notice this. . After update no one is familiar to this New version . .plz get back with Old one. Otherwise we have to switch platform
Upstox:Please add fingerprint sensor in upstox old... I'm tried many times logout and start the app as well as try to change the password but there are no option came into force fingerprint please do something
Upstox:Good app ,easy to understand for new comer. Better to make more simple for understanding market language.
Upstox:I had wonderfull experience with Upstox thus far, they are very much transparent in charges, order execution especially during volatile market is PERFECT..! Thanks UpStox !
Upstox:Major update from old version. Wish GTT feature limited to application will come to web version of upstox too. Please make dividend statement available at upstox it is difficult to track in bank account with more than 1 DMAT
Upstox:Best app for stock and trading I have used this apo from last two years and no issue observed and resolved it's internal issues time to time to have best experience to our customers . But the trading charged are little high which reduced so everyone can regularly trading in stocks.
Upstox:Upstox is a very good app but I would like to suggest that because every app in the global market gives demo account with vartual money, then Upstox should also think something like this,with all features like global app exness
Upstox:Reduced the rating to 4 starts as there are frequent updates every couple of days. which is very annoying.
Upstox:from many days im not getting charts synced and everything time it is showing chart couldn't reloaded., please look into this issue
Upstox:Compared to others like groww the features are very less, the UI is not enough smooth and higher brokerage charges than others.
Upstox:I've been using Upstox for the past 2-3 years, initially attracted by its user-friendly interface and easy navigation for trading. However, the newer version is confusing, with some unnecessary features. I would have given a 5-star rating for the old Upstox platform, but the recent changes are disappointing.
Upstox:Many good features available in old app is not present in the new one, eg: i was able to set multiple alerts for the same stock which helped me to buy at different levels. but on the new app it's not there . What is the use of toggle button between traders and investors both seems to have different ui which has one feature less compared to other one and vice versa. And everytime some kind of pop up about some irrelevant lectures, which I am never interested. Have some option to opt out of Ads
Upstox:I was forced to switch to new version. The new UI is too complicated and horrible. Can't focus on the actual work ie: Invest in stocks. Rather lost understanding the complexity of the app. The main USP older version of Upstox had was it's ease and simplicity. The new version has ruined it and forcing customers to altogether quit Upstox and explore other options.
Upstox:I am constantly trying to reactivate my account but it always shows network issue. Contacted multiple times to customer service executive. Either not able to connect them or after connect didn't get resolution. Isn't it should be basic thing to address customer issue. Reactivating account is such a small service. Thinking to switch to another broker now.
Upstox:Chart takes a long time to load . You know the importance of chart in trading ,in some minutes we have to take proper action . But when I open the chart it freezes for some time .and I can't take any trading decision. And many time I take a loss.
Upstox:Major functional issue, UI is preety complicated and bad. There is no support from the customer care. Have provided feedback multiple number of times but it still comes back to square one. I believe it's better to switch to some other app. I have been using this since last 4 5 years but it's a hustle .
Upstox:Previous version is better than this. When I start using this app it shows run time exception after every 5 minutes and app stops working automatically. Lots of bugs. Charts are not proper showing in a new version. Please, Do not discontinue the old version it is far better than this pathetic version.
Upstox:The app lack so many features. for example, if you want to see your long vs short term holdings before selling it for tax purpose, you cannot see that. You will need to calculate it yourself. Other example is that app just provide you total return on your portfolio and not IRR or CAGR which is more meaningful. These are just a couple of examples
Upstox:Having worst ever experience with Upstox. When we need to do transaction, that time there is always an error (ex - security under surveillance). There is never a response from customer care executive. Tried calling multiple times and each call for 10-12 minutes, but they are least interested in responding. I will suggest everyone, choose any other app but NO UPSTOX !!!
Upstox:Giving all the features that your competitors app is providing but serving with a UI so bad and complicated that punching an order becomes so slow that you have to bear losses due to such slippages. I mean like it takes me 2/3 minutes to exit and options trade where you just have seconds to go. Worst performing app don't know why you have such a huge downloads number. Totally disappointed.
Upstox:Chartsvare not opening at all and app asks for reload of charts but it is not working I have implemented suggestions given but still not working. Further, Today - before two days of current month expiry, it is not allowing to trade into near month expiry option showing liquidity issue, while in OI it shows enough volume. I have followed the steps mentioned, but still unable to load the charts. Ols refer screen shot
Upstox:Worst app I ever used. After I heard the old version is being discontinued I was shocked because the new app is too complicated to use and I'll definitely switch to some other user friendly app if this will discontinue. And the worst thing is while placing order the app shows random value than actual and because of that got frustrated over and over.
Upstox:Dear traders upstox is updating its features. Which other apps can't. I have been using older version it's too user friendly and updated version has more features compare to older like GTT, basket order, charts, and even in p&l graphics I have requested once to get bars on my p&l they have don't it thank you upstox for never disappointing me thank you so much I have been using since 3 years great to have it.
Upstox:Need significant improvements in application. One cannot manually update the price of Gold bonds and entire purchase value getting reflected as profit. This is pathetic. Tpin section gets failed most of the times as even just checking OTP in different screen leads to resubmit the entire section. Please note current SGB got listed in September 2023.
Upstox:I was forced to switch app to a newer version but the new UI is just horrible... The older UI was much better and very user friendly. I am not able to navigate things and have to take lots of efforts to just know things on screen. Horrible experience after switching to trading UI.
Upstox:please fix the issue upstox. when I trade in nifty strategies sometimes only one leg order is executed at a given price and the other leg is open unless it meets the specific limit price. when I try to cancel and exit the strategy it doesn't exit. except for this I really like your interface. but since I trade in higher quantities it's affecting my exit position timing alot.
Upstox:I prefer upstox old version. It is more handy to use with nice user-friendly appearance. PLEASE DO NOT DISCONTINUE THE OLD VERSION OF UPSTOX APP. If you could incorporate 2 decimal places alongside of % in market depth ( in new upstox app), it would be more better for the analysis. Currently it shows only rounded off digits like 53%. Instead it should show as 52.89% and so on..... Hope this useful change will be incorporated soon.
Upstox:Overall its a nice app. Please dont complicate the page of reports, ledger and p&l etc its very difficult for analysis. Also if there would be added feature of different Layouts available to see different script charts at same time would be really helpful just like Tradingview has layouts feature same way. Please bring this feature. Thankyou.
Upstox:Definitely needs improvement in terms of features and UI. There should be an option to change a mandate of an active SIP without cancelling. Raised a ticket as well but the feature was not available. Would like to have a positive response in future. Otherwise, it's a good app.
Upstox:Loved the easiness and design of the app. User friendly. But sometimes chart taking more time to load. Also unable to create more list. It's asking to delete the existing ones. Selling and buying is of top notch. Adding money is also very simple.
Upstox:We prefer old version upstox app. User interface was really amazing in old version. Kindly provide the old version. You can provide all new features in old app and upgrade it as new version. Upstox mngmt should consider so many negative reviews about new upstox app and show flexibility to let users choose old version of upstox app. There are 2 suggestions Could you please set blue background in new upstox ( which was in old upstox )? Secondly in mkt depth, pl provide % with 2 decimals.
Upstox:Duplicate the interface of the old app POV - Trader 1. To see the trigger price, in the old app i just have to click the order and there it is but in this i have to go to modify order and then im able to see it. 2. Somehow the text is easier to read on the older version than this one. This seems like a hoch poch, everything stuffed together. 3. Somehow simple things seem a single step in old version but 5 steps in this version for the same task, like checking the whole alert list.
Upstox:Not sure whether its the app that keeps on hanging or you guys have come up with some patch last week in the name of DP transition to hdfc and all. You guys have destroyed the investor view. Filters don't work at all only sorting works. We somehow learn to use them and then your so called tech team comes and destroyed the working thing in the name of improvement. Update: Team got the issues fixed and CS rep helped with updates on call + on mail. Thanks
Upstox:Very worse application. Don't Download. 1 month almost passed my account is not opened, nobody informed what is the problem daily calling to customer care, no valid reason provided. Then I opened account in Zerodha, within 24 working hours account opened and I started trading. Don't go to Upstox. Go for some other broker where you get better assistance and quick response.
Upstox:The app is showing wrong price range while comparing with groww and money control. It also sometimes misses to show the day chart of previous day. Not good for day traders
Upstox:Worst trading app experience ever!! This app is designed to harass people!! Already been 3 days and still can't activate any segment in my account. It always pops up with the red message prompt showing "Account opening in progress" whereas my account has already been activated. I can't add funds as I am unable to open segments!! If u guys don't want us to use your app seamlessly, why did you even make it??! I will never recommend this app to anyone looking for a trusted brokerage platform!!!
Upstox:Order punch is very slowly and square off is very slowly... No fast work.... Grow app order and exit is very fast...
Upstox:No leg, no other issue, simple interface, simple to use, smooth etc, 100% good for trading
Upstox:Unable to buy the shares due to swipe right interface or button whatever it is It makes me to change the app so think about this problem & solve this problem Disappointing
Upstox:Just updated the app and it's giving error " something went wrong, please try again sometime later " .... please look into it...seems issue with new update
Upstox:Mutual fund need features like auto swp, swt. Graph should also show when money / sip done. Stocks prices takes time to load during lunch of app.
Upstox:Doesn't open camera ,just showing please wait opening camera. Opening a account took more than an hour. Opening account is Worst, I won't refer such BAKWAS Worst app and experience
Upstox:GHOTALA in account balance. It deducts Rs. 50 to 200 without any transaction. For such petty amount nobody going to check/keep account. This has been escalated to level 4 - head of customer care. My query is not yet resolved since last 5 days!!!
Upstox:I Chintan Ashok Madiar would like to inform you that while registering through my device i am receiving notification regarding for Some thing went wrong pop up.
Upstox:1.App is user friendly but need to improve one thing, when searching for stock only stock code is coming but if it shows total company name useful for all users, need not search the same in Google or some where... It is there in inverter mode but we want it to be in trader mode(upstox pro mode) 2. New review: when showing 1 stock data, you are showing today's low & high, 52 weeks low & high, i suggest you to show 1 week low&high and 1 month low& high too...
Upstox:Verry definitely to open and application is not working because I got a call from upstox then app is error so don't install and I thik this not a app this
Upstox:Forced Repitative notifications regarding holidays and other real time updates. Banner popup after every few minutes.
Upstox:Create multiple charts option in same screen. Both Buy or Sell on same chart. This is helpful for scalping trade.
Upstox:I have one of my account where ipo is allotted but unable to sell stocks. They say account is not activated which I opened 6 months ago. What a frustrating service.. chasing regularly but no progress on my ticket yet.
Upstox:In every update they changed their interface and make app worst to use. Keep the basic structure of the app same
Upstox:Wrong data display by the app.. Volume data shown in minus.. And lots of problems are the there.. Money transactions facility also worst as like as SBI Securities ..A person who earns money by putting others in trouble can never be a human being.. Goodbye upstox.
Upstox:Don't use this ( upstock ) plateform it's trape of sucking your money, they charges more and more unusual fees . I am really not happy as an upstock user Whenever I asked them ..they said depository charges..we have taken 40 entry / exit only
Upstox:Horrible app.....it gets hanged a lot, specially when u have open positions to be squared off. No support from customer care as they don't answer your calls when u need them. Even the chatbot is of no help. Very frustrated as I had faced this problem so many times. And soo very unlucky also for me... have faced soo much of losses. I feel there is a lot of insider trading nowadays. People should stop trading in derivative and index options. Delivery trading is the safest option.
Upstox:Third class Application. Your New application is totally useless and complicated. Always lags in punching the order at correct time. Your basic order section for cancelling and modifying the order are so vague that you will loose you clients more faster than you can imagine. Please do not try to justify it with revert like "We are enhancing our app with more features" Ask a user and then decide what a blunder you have made.
Upstox:Upstox is a solid choice for traders looking for a cost-effective and feature-rich trading app, but it may have some areas that need improvement, particularly in customer service and technical reliability.
Upstox:bring back older UI. we already know what time zone we are in. i loved the quick date range instead of the list menu now
Upstox:I applied for an ipo and accepted mandate also amount got blocked from bank but still in app showing mandate not accepted..called customer care ..they are saying uninstall and install again ..I tried 4-5 times but still same.
Upstox:Upstox very poor service. Unable to add funds. Unable to contact customer care. Don't open account
Upstox:Using upstox since I turned 18 intuitive UI only required things are in the app . It is both forInvestor and trader. I invest in equity, MF and F&O. But due to too much brokerage I have to start trading in brokerage free app. I will continue investing in MF via upstox. Everything is good except brokerage .
Upstox:Hello upstox this app not working my android phone. Display show that unfortunately app has stopped pls solve the problem. Android version 6.0.1
Upstox:This app really amazing , automatically balance zero. If possible , Please return , I earned it hardly.
Upstox:I need multiple chat view in rotation button clicked after. In full screen mode, there is no information that will be displayed about the current stock price.
Upstox:Fund addition and withdrawal was much better in older app. It should be separated from normal option transactions.
Upstox:Chart loading very lag, taking few seconds and showing the data. please update it.
Upstox:Very much disappointed with you upstox team. My problem with your app continues after the latest update and I have cleared the Cache memory too. To be clear, My phone runs either on 5G Network or on Wifi Network. Both are very fast. And all other applications (including other Broker apps) are running smoothly except Upstox. Call me between 11 AM and 01 PM or After 02:30 PM
Upstox:HNI category can apply for IPO from grow app. Application facility should be made available from HNI category for retailers from upstock. There should be no need to do other settings for it. It is a humble request that you also make this facility user friendly like grow.
Upstox:chatbot is stuck while giving answer and no option to chat with real person. my cdsl isnt working im losing money and their useless bot is of no help. will have to change investment app
Upstox:Best in the class... Really very nice...best information....easy trading....very well maintained..... The best... outstanding.....
Upstox:Team Upstox I am facing a big issue from april 2024. The issue is related to login . I can't login in My account and I have not seen my portfolio even after entering my registered mobile number there are no option to GET OTP or CONTINUE. Please fix the problem so I can see my portfolio and holdings.
Upstox:Too slow app. Even though they have upgraded it but somehow it's not working. I think old app was much much better.
Paytm Money:Can't place target and stoploss at one go, either we can set target or stoploss only. This consumes very much of our time while doing option trading. Doesn't like it all and it's 4 years now that feature is still not there. Would move to other platforms now for sure!!!
Paytm Money:The customer help services were extremely poor. Despite requesting multiple calls to resolve technical issues, no one reached out to me. I even submitted a ticket, but it was closed with the suggestion to update the app, which I already had done since I was using the latest version. I'm thoroughly disappointed with the service.
Paytm Money:I downloaded this app then after I added my mobile number it replied I have been given OTP but I didn't receive any message. I even tried opening the app with password but it said that it was not valid as well as username. Pls fix the problem. It deserve 2 star. I wouldn't have to say thanks for my bad experience.
Paytm Money:Guys, I'm suddenly not able to invest in MF. It's showing "Investment Readiness Incomplete". I reinstalled app also. If I check status of Readiness, It's showing blank popup. My SIP also got missed this month. In app there is no place to raise this kind of issues. Please check as soon as possible.
Paytm Money:Worst experience. If you trust in this app, it is like keeping ur cash open in vegetable market open and levning it to air. Always says network or connection error. So you can't even open app, not talk about trading. I am going to close this account very soon. Already it is waste of time money and time using this app. Again they want me to email my problem personally , to again waste my time. I wish there should be negative stars to rate this app.
Paytm Money:The new update is not user friendly in android phone. Home screen is not adjusting in phone.Also P&L section is also not adjusting in screen. Pervious version was much better. Please do the needful.
Paytm Money:Recent change in UI is very clumsy and hard on eyes and difficult to navigate. Better to switch to different platforms
Paytm Money:App not working at all since morning had to login using web browser, I think I have made a mistake by downloading this app. It was working fine till last we I checked, today suddenly it stopped working, I have send a ticket too but no response. This app should not be down for entire day. Anyone else facing this same issue
Paytm Money:Forced to setup auto pay when we start sip in mutual fund segment. It is totally unfair. I wanna pay manually SIP. Now only I knows why this platform rated only 3.9 start rating on Play Store. Unskilled software develop team drags the Paytm downwards. It's the time to jump next other app after completion of 20 lakhs SIP journey with Paytm money. Sorry goodbye Paytm Money.
Paytm Money:1st of all, when I tried to redeem one of my MF, I could not as it was saying that there is some change in Bank Account details but I had updated my bank account details accordingly. But , after redeeming that fund from other App, now my MF holding details is not getting updated. It is showing I am still having investment in that fund which is totally wrong. Why does not this app can show me my updated holdings at all? Please , do something to solve this issue immediately
Paytm Money:Overall it is good platform but you should add some features. 1 Graphs representing daily portfolio. 2 average profit loss per month 3 change in price in rupees in scrip details monthly, quarterly and yearly.
Paytm Money:After updating, home screen directly showing my investment and profits. If some one bring my phone and phone they also easily knows my protpolio, Earlier without password it will not show, Please update like that only.
Paytm Money:First of all paytm bank account is not valid now for transactions, when I'm trying to sell it's asking me to change bank account post clicking change bank nothing happening and returning to main page. Pls fix this issue
Paytm Money:Very bad and pathetic app ...they just eat your money....i had purchased some shares...where my money got deducted and it was never added to my portfolio... inspite of several complaints raised no solution was given and they give you some irrelevant explanation to it i have lost almost 35000....even shares purchased there is increase in price within a fraction and more money get deducted...i seriously need call back or add my purchaseed share to my portfolio ....
Paytm Money:App not working properly when I buy quantity then app not showing anything fast very poor performance if it is not change then I will close these account and got for another who give best
Paytm Money:The service in fno is very very bad from Paytm money your money is stuck in position you don't get any option to exit your all money will be lost after that. I suggest please do not use Paytm money thanks
Paytm Money:The platform and investment experience is great but whenever I need help and try to raise an issue in the "raise a complaint/customer support" page, it always hangs or a blank page is displayed showing its loading/refreshing. The difficult part is we can't reach out to any customer care number. Everything is through the app.
Paytm Money:Unreliable and crashes in almost every expiry. 1. Take today's example, both app and web was not responding for 1 day. Taken position couldn't be settled on time. 2. Couldn't take new trades. 3. In web, open multiple charts and see the pages go crashing because of multiple charts opened. 4. Charts are useless. They freeze during the session for no reasons. Serious fixes required otherwise the retail users will keep on losing money because of this app.
Paytm Money:Worst support and app features are not that friendly. I am trying to change my mobile number in the account and app doesn't allow, also the support team doesn't understand simple English. I have created 4 tickets to change the mobile number and no one has taken into consideration other than closing the ticket on SLA. No toll free number to call as well, very frustrating. 2 stars only for the information in app, rest is worst experience.
Paytm Money:My IR has been revoked for mutual funds and I've done the rkyc multiple times but still the same issue. I'm not able to invest in any of the mutual funds. I reached out to customer support but no response at all. I keep messaging but after certain replies the team has stopped responding. Not a great way to server customers. Even the banner says 24*7 support available but it's been 3 days I haven't received any response.
Paytm Money:Lowering to 1 star from 5 star. Paytm Money made compulsory to set autopay . We dont see option to do SIP without autopay. If they wont remove this feature this will led end of paytm money like paytm payment bank
Paytm Money:We want Kill Switch button in your application. 14th May 2024 I wanted to exit my position but I kept on trying but it started showing as pending orders. I tried to modified but failed. Customer Care number is out of coverage area. Totally helpless. What if I have a big position who will be held responsible if I get a big loss due to this glitch. I faced the same scenario earlier too. Why can't your tech team give us a permanent solution on it. You should understand it may give us a big loss.
Paytm Money:Don't use this app for trading or for investing. They deduct money from your funds and doesn't respond to your queries. And they are not providing any customer care number also . Only say our executive will contact you within 24 but there is no call response from them.very worst app don't use it. They not settled my huge profit ammount
Paytm Money:Please help, I have placed a request for updation of IFSC code and it's been a week and it haven't updated. I am unable to sell my funds due to this error. No one from customer care contacts.
Paytm Money:Portfolio value couldn't be loaded, error always shown when you try to place order, so don't use this application very critical condition
Paytm Money:While clicking on the stocks tab, it asks me to set a passcode which I already have. No matter how many times I do that it keeps on saying "passcode already exists for user". Simply pathetic experience. Don't you have a QA team to test the app?
Paytm Money:Overall the new update is good, but one option is missing , in portfolio analysis there is a option of portfolio graph n shown returns, investments, n both in combine. It was a great analysis of my portfolio, but in new update that thing is missing
Paytm Money:After the recent update, I cannot use clone app. I get an error to close the app while making any transaction like add deposit etc...
Paytm Money:Great news! We have a new update for you and can't wait for you to try it out. Here's what's new: - Limitless Control: Guard your trades with Market Price Protection (MPP) - Effortlessly navigate positions, holdings & portfolios with our enhanced homescreen - Access breakdown of transaction charges in P&L section - Save drawing layouts on charts for cross-platform access with one click - Minor Performance & UI improvements Like app updates? Let us know in the comments Paytm Money Android Team
Paytm Money:Don't make account on paytm money worst app i have ever seen, it Doesn't even show option if want add in your watch list. I lost many opportunities and money just because of this worst app.
Paytm Money:Worst service I ever seen in any other companies. since 2 months my issue not yet solved, delayed response and some times no response received from the Paytm money team and they sent one document having contact numbers for complaint which is not working numbers
Paytm Money:Old UI was much better. Also on homepage, we should have option to see multiple or selected indexes instead of just nifty 50
Paytm Money:Do not use this app for booking flight ticket. In the beginning it will show less price for the selected flight but at the booking page flight price will increase. Worst part it they will automatically select different flight and no where shown/ mentioned while making the payment. Their customer care says they have created a ticket but it's not shown anywhere. So basically rather than discount you will endup paying more. Save yourself don't book flights.
Paytm Money:everytime i am opening the app it says  it looks are our system are slow at this moment try again. With all the news going on about Paytm i really find it very difficult to trust on this paytm. Are my all investments safe, or do i need to migrate along with all investments to other reliable app. even deactivate UPI and register somewhere else on a reliable platform.
Paytm Money:Just good to see the charts... Withdrawal and purchase is quite complex....there are too many things...Paytm bank...paytm...direct account... My transaction are almost failed everytime . Even after few months of withdrawal, portfolio is not updated with correct value... Switched to zerodha - coin app now Third class app,...not allowing to withdraw funds as well now, due to their payment bank fraud,
Paytm Money:Overall Experience is good. M using this app since launch but since long, 1) I am waiting for compare feature on candle stick chart to catch the move of the stock / option premium with nifty. 2) There is no option of "Go to"on candle stick chart for jumping on particular dates chart for analysis. Scrolling right left and finding date is time consuming. This is the only thing on which i am disappointed with paytm money otherwise m satisfied. Please enable this feature ASAP.
Paytm Money:Do not use this app for any of your investment. They can delete your SIP and what not and will ask you to repeat it again. Uninstalling this and moving to some other app.
Paytm Money:Very good app. Because i saw any app but future option call put chart available on this app and not anywhere.
Paytm Money:I have been using Paytm Money for a while now, and I must say, it has been the worst experience and this is not the first time. Recently, I placed an order with a trigger price of FINNIFTY 23450 at 33.00. However, when I checked the chart, the maximum price shown was only 30.40. Despite this discrepancy, my order was somehow triggered at the set price of 33.00. This is completely unacceptable and raises serious concerns about the reliability and accuracy of Paytm Money's trading platform.
Paytm Money:Recently I downloaded Paytm money app. But some blank appears at the time of complete KYC. Hence not possible for open account.
Paytm Money:I am not able to access Paytm Money app for 4 days. I have raised ticket yesterday but no response. You don't have call support available. If there is an emergency how I am supposed to contact support team. We are dealing with money you must provide high level of support facility. I have already mentioned it that I have raised a ticket on 24/7 support why are you asking me to do so again and again. If you are not trained to do your job then let us know we will switch to another broker app.
Paytm Money:In the homescreen the eariler dashboard in blue color was too lively and good now its just white color background. Just give it back
Paytm Money:Very bad bad worst app..... Please don't use paytm money app , by this app we can invest but we can not remove our money from this app and have very bad service . I complaint to its customer care and also mailed to its upper level but still 3 months complete but my issue still not solved and I am not able to remove my money , again n again showing an error that INVESTMENT REDDYNESS INCOMPLETE. Still my problem not solved .
Paytm Money:Last one year I am using application but from last one month this application not working properly, Slow loading, retry message, refresh message . I thought it will solve but solved. Team are you not looking concern from your self or are you waiting somebody tells you. Don't reply share your details through application or raise complaint. I hope my message is clear towards developers. If everything ok I will edit review.
Paytm Money:Worst application and broking app. I have tried to switch my registered mobile number to different number, as in the previously registered mobile number I am not able to receive the OTP. But this app's customer support is worst and they are not updating my registered mobile number seriously despite of sending multiple email request . Time to change the broker app
Paytm Money:I lost so much money due to crash couldn't exit while profit it got crashed when it work I was in loss of 20000 worst experience ever due to their improper maintenance. Auto set exit setting sold out option not working properly even after reached target price Worssssst
Paytm Money:I have been encountering price surge for a split second as soon as i click to buy similarly when I exit the price drops for a split second. I experience something is not right with this App for trading if one are unable to buy and sell on their prices during options trading. There is a difference between the calculation of my invested amount + earnings - withdrawal that I calculate and what they deduct next morning. Koi iska icon change kar do...
Paytm Money:The Paytm App is highly recommended by many industries, especially in the western world for it's capabilities for quick response to receiving money and making payments to different countries. I believe it has committed and competent staff who have the professional exposures and technical skills to deliver their results in good time I therefore give them the encouragements to keep fit with good marketing strategies. Thank you! John Chukwulogha Obodoechi
Paytm Money:Several missing features 1. Tag mutual funds to portfolio goals 2. Provide fund switch functionality 3. Provide STP SWP step up SIP 4. Redemption cost estimate calculation This app is very basic in nature as compared to competitors. A lot of improvements are necessary . I have been using it since 2018. Not sure why the company is slow in bringing these changes
Paytm Money:One of the worst costomer service and support i ever faced on the apps this far... I want to close my demat and trading account on Paytm money app i send a mail more then 10 Times.. but still they didnt provide any assistance at all. After they replied i raised a query and wait for them to respond... But still they didn't respond at all
Paytm Money:After update this version UI is showing as web based which is not looking good, please change this as previous.
Paytm Money:Very poor service!!! Even after more than a month since closure of Paytm payments Bank accounts, Paytm money is unable to auto update the new bank accounts. Been more than 2 months I've been trying to sell my funds, but unable to do so due to this issue
Paytm Money:I'm getting kyc details not found error while doing kyc. PAN details not found in profile. I create support ticket about this issue, 15 days over no respond. Then I mail to there priority mail Id, no response from there too. Imagine how careless support there are. If they cant respond and solve this minor issue. Whenever happen something big issue who will responsible for that. Bad support
Paytm Money:I can't sign up for some reason. Whenever I imput my phone number, the button for proceeding goes gray
Paytm Money:Some improvements to be needed ... Like live technical insights/information of stock support, resistance, deliveries, moving averages bullish or bearish etc in market depth tab... Very good Portfolio insights I love it but 1 small addition should add in portfolio insights like analysis of overall portfolio how many stocks are overvalued, undervalued and how much portfolio is diversified etc so that investors can be aware of risk of their portfolio... Overall I love app & website.
Paytm Money:I am trying to add bank account in my demant account from last 1 month, my bank account is approved but from 1 month it's showing in process. Not sure what happening with Paytm money. Not good at customer service. Going downstairs each day. Update - I have already sent mail and raised ticket, from last 1 month I am trying to add new bank account.
Paytm Money:It's very bad app with no customer support service, just an automated chat which shows your problem resolved after each response without resolving it. There is no customer support executive contact to sort this out. I have been trying get the problem sorted since past 10 days without any response. Don't waste your time on it for investment as there are better ones like groww which atleast have customer care no. Now they will reply on this comment that they are sorry and still won't do anything.
Paytm Money:Very informative, easy to use and quite simple. After 2 successful years of being on this platform, I am very much satisfied. It is a very user friendly app for investment in money market. Thanks. Great! Now chart can be accessed directly from Order book. Whether I can have access to dividend payments that I have received so far?
Paytm Money:This is a horrible app. I invested 50k in Mutual fund which became 60k in 7months. When I withdrew the full amount. They blocked 15%money and till date I am struggling to get that money back. There is no proper customer care where you can speak one on one. There is only 1 email id which will never respond to your emails. If you post any query on the app, they will change the status TO RESOLVED. My personal suggestion.. Stay away for this app.
Paytm Money:Couldn't login both from app and from pc browser, I'm recieving OTP but after entering it says internal server error!! Worst experience!!! Why am I being logged out of the app without my permission??? I got my money locked in into this stupid platform!!!
Paytm Money:They fullish the people, when you buy the stock instant they increased the amount and deduct from the account, after that they show lower amount of against deducted stock amount. My question is that in micro second they increased the amount and after buy they decreased the amount within micro second. Lots of hidden thing, must to find their fraud. When you try for customer care, there's no customer care who care his customer
Paytm Money:Customer service is really the worst of this app. They don't have the calling feature and chat feature takes months to reply. Not recommended at all! Use other apps like Angel, Groww to invest your money for stocks or mutual funds. Paytm Money won't return your money easily after redemption of MF Waiting for my refund from last 4 months and they are saying that it has been refunded. Have shared my bank statement too that haven't recieved it yet and still no resolution to it.
Paytm Money:The customer support team at Paytm money, I think they don't understand the issue when I am telling them to close/delete the Paytm money account instead they provide an unnecessary solutions and take too much time to send an answer. And just for collecting annual maintenance charges they are not deleting my Paytm money account.
Paytm Money:it has a better UI but what is a major problem is that the app doesn't update the mutual fund on a daily basis on time. also many times the chart and order doesn't get executed on time.dont ask to email I have shared the problem here and if you are really interested to fix please work rather than asking email with details
Paytm Money:There are few bugs now, check the calculation of Raymond stock, it is showing negative return of 30% which is not true
Paytm Money:Using this app for 3 years... Best improvements in fno sections and near clear charts
Paytm Money:I likes to open Paytm money from Paytm application. Its looks very impressive. Thanks.
Paytm Money:Nice app but why have you removed graphs from new updates.graphs from investment insights
Paytm Money:Too many issues like charts. Charts not showing today's candle, especially trading view chart. One more problem is website and app crashes, especially freezing problem during trading. Sometimes app and website didn't open for hours. These bugs need to be fixed.
Paytm Money:Never ever invest in this app. I did intraday trading in this platform, in my ledger only loss is being registerd and profit is not being registerd at all. Even when you buy stocks on delivery they usually take more tax than the calculation that they have put up in the platform . In simple word they just steal your money. With my two years experience am writing this comment. In order to evade the scam they modify your ledger where you cannot prove it that you had profit.
Paytm Money:Doesn't expect any support from Paytm money whenever you are facing issue they will reply reply to your mail not even in support chat box and call . I'm struggling from last 2 weeks but haven't got any single support from Paytm money
Paytm Money:Love you your app it been more than 2 years everything is good in the app and the ui are aare brilliant they are easy to use. But on looking other broker they don't charge any AMC or Platform fee while paytm money charges Platform fee So from my opinion you may have to remove the platform fee
Paytm Money:I'm using paytm money since when no one knows about this app. But from 2018 to till date, no customer service has been improved. if you have to mail they reply they very late. If you are in hurry no options for taking to customer care no and ask for suggestions. They start create ticket which is worst features of this app because many options are not available in which I want to complaint.
Paytm Money:Not able login with fingerprint after enabling TOTP.
Paytm Money:I applied for an IPO (Indegene) yesterday and money got blocked as well. However, the status still shows 'Mandate pending'. There is no customer support number that a cuatomer can call. Is there an email address/phone no where I can support because your Bot is just not helping mr at all. I am not getting any way to open a support case. I will surely transfer all my stocks to some other broker where you have multiple ways of contacting customer care.
Paytm Money:No option to Import CAS External folio. It's a basic thing provided by Groww, ET Money, Kuvera and other MF app. there is no need to connect on your email address, This comments are self-explanatory.
Paytm Money:Very poor service , have there different view on margin money and all , call automatically get averaged as well as square off . Gets hang almost every day when market is fluctuating . Will shift my portfolio ASAP from this app
Paytm Money:The worst brokerage app is very slow, because of this I don't know how many times I have incurred loss. The interface is also very bad.
Paytm Money:Compared to the previous (blue) app, this version may have more features, but the user interface is definitely inferior. I felt the previous look and feel should have been retained, instead of trying to match that of Zerodha. It is only the interface that I have an issue with, as it was one 'edge' Upstox had, compared to other discount broker apps. Now with that lost, it doesn't really matter which broker you are with. I'm sure no customer would have asked for changing the look of the app.
Paytm Money:Since few days Paytm mony app is not working properly. Kindly look into this. Today not opening the app.
Paytm Money:I feeling very bad since i was strugling to change my default bank accont details in profile since i unable invest in new SIP, there is no option i find in profile to change bank details in mobile app, it was checked by downloading in different mobile phones also, kindly update the app by adding the option to change/modify bank details.
Paytm Money:Last 2 &1/2 years using platform No glitch , no extra promote easy and simple way trading platform
Paytm Money:Good user interface, works seamlessly but need to improve their customer service
Paytm Money:there is no way to check if some one trying to login your paytmmoney account, trying to steal your account information with bad intention, as when i login to app and enter to stocks with finger prints it always shows maximum validation attempts exceeded
Paytm Money:I'm using this platform since it's inception. The most Lucent trading aap I have ever used to. I need to know why paytm money does not provide the margin benefits of 80% of total sold price in the delivery day? Where Zerodha like other apps do. Very disappointing. In near term I might looking for other platforms if not addressed this issue
Paytm Money:It's good and emerging platform in trading and investing. It have superb interface but lack of fundamental details and need to improve more as per market standards.
Paytm Money:My paytm money app automatically disconnected, and i tried to log in but not supporting it. I sent the mail to customer care until now, and I didn't get any help to log in. If anyone knows how to do it, please help me.
Paytm Money:One error from very long time, i am unable to change the bank account since past few months, as I've closed one of my personal account. Kindly guide me or update that bug in the application.
Paytm Money:This app cannot open...if you put the otp it asks it says new session and gives me otp again...facing this problem for some days now...updated..newly installed app but nothing happened. kindly fix the bugs in the aap
Paytm Money:Worst app..ipo in their list are very less than those available on other apps. Neither they have a proper customer care number. They are the worst app. Will soon move my portfolio away from them.
Paytm Money:Very bad experience. No coustomer care no. No any help paytm money.I am selling stock, so my 100% balance is getting frozen. While according to the rule 20% balance should be freeze. That's why I am changing my broker. Yearly 600rs maintenance charges.
Paytm Money:Not able to login to paytm money app since morning as OTP is not coming on mobile or email. Raised complaint but still no resolution. No call center number available either to talk to anybody to resolve issue. Very frustrating
Paytm Money:Very poor customer service, it has been more than 10 times I have requested for call back from customer service but there has been not a single contact No support from customer service till date very poor not expected from PAYTM
Paytm Money:East to use, but having all such good features and there's no landscape mode is somewhat a lack..
Paytm Money:My money stuck in this, i am not able to sell and top up more because of kyc under verification. From past 1 and half month its under verification. Ticket raised for my issue but help and support centre are worst.
Paytm Money:After updating the app it is working slow and unable to check my portfolio. And the price of the share it is taking time to update when I compared with other app.
Paytm Money:Now that the investment made so convenient through UPI, it serves my purpose. For sometime was facing problem of adding money or investing in mutual funds. But now it is most simplest for me. Good job done.
Paytm Money:The recent update is extremely bad, the dashboard is utterly usable. When I'm trying to move the history in a mutual fund , it's hanged
Paytm Money:Horrendous experience! I have been following up with them to close my account, even after providing required forms, I haven't heard back from them!! Please don't use this app! Pathetic customer service!!
Paytm Money:This is fake app do not install please my story is big scam Do not download this app, because you will get trapped in it and your money will also get stuck. Till date, I have made so many complaints, yet not even a single complaint of mine has been heard by these people and all my money is stuck! All the people who have money in this should be careful because your money can get stuck.
Paytm Money:app is good but paytm is faaaaaaaaar behind every application no sensex option chain, direct trade from chart and may more the app is still work like it's in 2020
Paytm Money:Very worst app, Today I have lost the opportunity to exit in F& O Option trading , so much money due to App not working properly has been loose, My suggestion never try this App for trading, Very cheap App & their services
Paytm Money:UI is not intuitive. Can be better from showing the invested amount to current price.
Paytm Money:M trying to open a demat account but apply hangs and gets stuck on live photo stage. Its been 5 days m trying continuously and there is no support from customer care. If this is in case of new customers then what would happen to old ones? ? There is no customer care number to contact and given numbers doesn't work.
Paytm Money:Out of all the major trading apps I found Paytm money the best in terms of both UI and UX. However, few additional features can be added like- rather than showing all stocks in one portfolio if we can group a set of stocks thus having separate portfolio for different sectors, we would be able to monitor them in a more efficient manner (Similar to what we can do for ETFs in the app). Overall, it is a great app and they keep on adding good features and I hope they will continue to do so.
Paytm Money:After update UI looking better than earlier.
Paytm Money:App UI is worst always gets stuck and doesn't gets load. It's quite irritating to see position or graph also sometimes price is not updated on real time basis we need to click on the price. On my tab it's not smooth enough and graph don't open frequently in full screen in landscape mode and there is no option to directly open in full screen mode in landscape it very very irritating, due to which there is a loss on my position most of the times.
Paytm Money:Nice but need to improve.Dedicated customer care helpline to talk needed
Paytm Money:Worst trading platform in entire trading industry. They have 30-40 sec delay in updating chat and price and sometime it is not provide correct candle stick chat And if you complain about any glitches then they asked you to provide screen recording but not SS. Even if you provide recording they will never admit their fault in system. These glitches will lead you to major losses. If you are new to trading then mostly you will never find glitches happening all the time in this App.
Paytm Money:It's showing Investment Readiness blocked for my NPS and mutual fund investments. I raised a complaint but no one contacted yet. Can someone help on this ? I am not able to invest or withdraw money from paytm money app.
Paytm Money:App is user friendly if possible add weighted avg age days in each foilo . I will have a handful information to the investors. Wherein these data are provided innCAMS and KFINKART.
Paytm Money:Unable to download my Realised CG statement. Gives an error that there are no transactions. In fact there are. One of the worst apps ever
Paytm Money:Stopped notifications but although it sends notifications.
Paytm Money:Showing different return % at different places In overall, stock @PaymMoney must have to work on it My overall investment==> today return is +ve But it showing -ve
Paytm Money:With every update paytm is transitioning towards worst looking Interface. This third time update of dashboard interface is worst, that I don't believe anything can go beyond this level. It looks so ugly that I don't feel opening the app again. Tech must be eye pleasing to retain users to open the app more often.
Paytm Money:Not good as compare to the other apps are available. It gives withdrawal amount in the next trading while other apps provide this instantly. Fundamentals of a company is not given in details. Need upgradation.
Paytm Money:Easy to use & more informative. Also bring back feature of import of external investment.
Paytm Money:The app is average. It provides better interface to mutual funds investors. However, it is lacking some basic features like SWP and STP.
Paytm Money:Worst service.. not Good response, I already requested for closure of account.. then also they charged annual mentantence charges.. also.. issue is the customer call service not available... requested to not use this application..... My review will be changed if Paytm money give good response.. waiting for response..
Paytm Money:The App is not working on 5G network, if I change the network to 4G then it's working. I am using Airtel 5G in Bangalore City, My Device is Samsung M34 with Android 14 OS. YouTube and all other apps are working on the same network and speed test is giving good results as well. Pls look into this issue & resolve it asap
Paytm Money:Costumer care chat waste of time not getting any clearance Withdrawal proses is very slow it will take 3 day to credit to ac and market update not available like other app screener day trading tips also not available One more thing if money not added to account it will not refund Costumer support is very bad they will provide ticket that's all. There is no solution.
Paytm Money:Kindly bring back import external investment option. Even though I can't import new cams external investment at least they bought back the feature. #paytm #money has excellent UI
Paytm Money:Just one word. It sucks. Unnecessary platform fee and expensive share price than other platforms. They even loot when you sell shares. Not at all recommended. Stay Away from this app. No wonder why this company is failing. 354 rs platform fee for an app.. really.
Paytm Money:I am trying to reach customer support service from a very long time but they didn't respond to my request very bad customer support service of Paytm Money app still didn't get any response from them the problem is that same thing yeah telling me to do your support in does not respond on my request when i need help to understand some issues i raised ticket but they don't respond the gave me 3 to 4 second miss call and this platform had some hidden charges which I was not aware when I created this
Paytm Money:Worst customer care support experience. They don't have proper plateform to connect with customer care executive. I am facing issue with my auto-pay change request tried so many time to connect, but didn't get the solution.
Paytm Money:Very poor customer care service, never call back or even published CC Number. Only email, & never solve any issues just give formal copy paste answers. Worst app. I am unable to VERIFY my ACCOUNTS IPV, video verification even did everything since seven months... Still got no help just copy paste email reply.
Paytm Money:Deserve 0 star. One of the most worst app for mutual fund. Unable to change bank account. Your customer support also deserve 0 star. They don't know how to solve problem. 'We will contact you shortly', 3 months over but no contact from your end. Shame on you and your customer policy and customer service.
Paytm Money:The technical and customer support is poor, as it takes more than 2 hours to receive a reply, which is often from a chat bot. Additionally, there is no toll-free number available for customers to call.
Paytm Money:Suggition:- if (OI & change in OI) is available in Option chain it will be very easy to access (Fin Nifty Oi, bank Nifty oI Midcap OI)Re-checking involves many steps forward & backword. If 'OI DATA available in OPTION CHAIN it will be very easy. As u already made shifting option chains very easy.
Paytm Money:average user interface. Customer support team reach too much poor on chat as well as call to. For change bank account process too much complicated. Plz improve customer support system. Every time I face problem, without proper solution your team closed the complete.
Paytm Money:I was using paytm money for mutual fund but from one today I am facing using a lot payment debited from my account but in mutual fund status it show rejected. And I am unable to raise query just buffering the query interface. This was quite bad experience with the paytm.
Paytm Money:It's user experience is good. But they are charging too much fees for various services. I got 300 profit in 2 months by investing in stocks and they deducted 280 as charges.... These stock broking apps aren't for poor beginners. They only focus on rich and middle class people.
Paytm Money:No Auto pay for NPS, Need to seriously improve the default bank account & auto pay functionalities. Good to have a portfolio performance analysis chart on monthly, quarterly and yearly level.
Paytm Money:Please upgrade speed , and chart is not open easily on desktop, if you want more customers... Otherwise you will not be able to perform in future , there is tough competition
Paytm Money:I'm trying to withdraw my mutual funds from paytm but It's been a month paytm money platform shows bank change request from paytm to other bank exists, but that not actually worked upon, they don't reply on emails, calls, and their service centre's are completely useless. Please help me to withdraw my blocked money by paytm.
Paytm Money:Pathetic customer service. Have been complaining since 2 months now, related to bonds value not getting reflected, yet it has been not resolved. Very much disappointed and frustrated with the service.
Paytm Money:Unlike groww app it updates the portfolio after 2 to 3 days. And even after complaint it didn't modify anything. Very bad service. Please uninstall it and download groww.
Paytm Money:They are the big scammer... Many times you will find that on the day of expiry you will able to buy options but not able to sell it..... And when you complain then you will get reply that.... Because of no buyer you are not able to sell it and thus u have to pay panelty for holding the option..... They also tell me that they have sent order to exchange but it didn't get executed now it's not their responsibility......
Paytm Money:Worst call services, if you want to trade today, then install this app today. After installing, if you don't trade, they'll call you twice every day. And if you ask them to stop calling, they'll simply force you to trade whether you wanted or not. It's simple.
Paytm Money:Customer support is very bad. They don't provide call options. They provide cheap and irritating chat boat.
Paytm Money:Such a useless application, it's complete glitchy app , never give a favorable price when you place MKT order, lost my money many times due to their glitch, not recommended this app at all
Paytm Money:after I cancelled my sip. I got every month maintain your account. when same work in Groww app. no any msg or notification received. Paytm monkey app is not working for sip and so on. so, I recommend don't start sip with this app.
Paytm Money:Convenient. The layout and interface is fine. Never used the analytics so can't comment on that. Overall good.
Paytm Money:I am a normal investor and mainly invest in MFs. One thing I want to be change in app when one tap on search button, keyboard doesn't pop up automatically. We need to tap again on search bar. Sometimes it feels irritating. This change will be a good move. Thanks.
Paytm Money:App brokerage is highly elevated in this app and unwanted charges are taken as due.As apart coming to the app user interface is good but still it should be improved and charges should be controlled or cut downed otherwise this app will be underrated and users(retail investors) can shift to other applications.
Paytm Money:Today i faced problem in placing order and had to cancelled it finally, app and website both got hanged, calls are not going through , nobody is responding on my complaint. very bad experience , poor app for trading.
Paytm Money:Please don't use this Paytm Money. Stop using it right now. There is no proper response or support from Paytm. Totally frustrated and hated. Actually, I tried to sign up with this 6 months ago. I completed everything and was waiting for the KYC to be reviewed. Since now nothing is done. They're saying the photo is not uploaded properly.. I did it. Also, I have uploaded again via uploading additional documents. Then they said, they will look into it and get back to me. Still no proper response.
Paytm Money:Thank u so very much. I have been unable to handle my account for the last 3 years. But from your support and help, i have been able to handle my account now.  Thank you so much.. especially Samveg and the entire Paytm money team.
Paytm Money:everytime I open app it's asking to enable notification. Each and everytime I had to cancel. this is ridiculous.
Paytm Money:I had a very great experience with paytm money, but when I started trading in options it has very big issue. Whenever you buy with bracket order it get stucked with stoploss means once I have set the stoploss in any order of bracket order then it can't be changed (ridiculous things I have ever noticed in any app). Only you can change is this the target, then what if I want to trail my stoploss manually (because paytm money doesn't have trailing stoploss feature which is very useful) , I can't.
Paytm Money:Investment Refresh is not happening. I tried to refresh app, but the invested amount and gains doesn't refresh everyday.
Paytm Money:Hello Team, pl add export excel option of units and navs purchased in fund page. It become bit difficult to calculate short term and long term from capital gains statement.
Paytm Money:If the mutual fundpayment declined or if you wish to try alternative method by cancelling current selection then you can't do this .. you need to wait for 24-48hrs..by that time you miss your monthly sip..
Paytm Money:It is well diversified and latest technology AI based platform. But I have been kind patronage of your broking firm for long period but you are changing monthly charges. I request you to look into the matter avidly for waited off of my charges. I think your management should plea my request. Otherwise I will switch over to another broking platform. Thanks
Paytm Money:Pathetic customer support, I raised a ticket to update my mobile no., instead of doing so, they informed me through e-mail that a single no. can not be used for all paytm apps. Strange!
Paytm Money:Very bad experience, as it shows network connection error. When we open the app.so please fix the issue.
Paytm Money:Worst app. No direct customer support numbers. I dont know why paytm customer support not providing number. I will raise the issue with SEBI and AMFI.
Paytm Money:This was working fine before SBI's action. Now there are lot of discrepancy observed in portfolio, technical issues, no timely response to tickets raised, no one is bothered to atleast call the customer to understand and resolve quickly, etc. I am now thinking to manage funds on my own or moving to other reliable options.
Paytm Money:I have an issue in E sign and I have been asking for help from so long and no one is responding to it due to which I am unable to do any investment i prefer other investments app than this
Paytm Money:Below Are areas where improvement is very much required 1.No option for importing external mutual fund investments and hence we don't know how much investment we have made 2.Customer care response is always poor and if we raise any complaint then it may take more than 10 days for resolution 3.Shares investment are not updating on same day as compared to other app where average values and qty are updating in real time
Paytm Money:The service of this app is very useless. This app will not help you in any way and neither will your calls go through. Very very poor service.
Paytm Money:Excellent app, very user friendly and very easy to do any investment. One stop for all investments. But only challenge I face with the app is customer support. Not at all user friendly. So as long as there are no issues all will be good if issues are there then it's difficult to get resolutions for those.
Paytm Money:Terrible experience!! Not recommended for short term trading. It keeps on processing order and shows error.. "Something went wrong". I am using this on Broadband internet, wondering what trouble ppl might be facing if they use this app on mobile data. This app doesn't understand the importance timing of the market especially during opening hours. Many time i had to buy scripts at way higher price than what actually was there at the time of order placement! Pathetic!!
Paytm Money:Needs lot of Improvement. Customers can't see even the most basic thing i.e. contract note. Every time it has to be mailed to enable us to view. There must be an option to view it directly without mailing it. Other similar issue like all the statements need to be mailed to view it. Direct view not possible Further the user interface needs improvement. It is complicated and not user friendly. Placing an order at market is easy but placing limit is not user friendly. Instead of swipe plz use tap.
Paytm Money:Everything is just outstanding but i face one problem with swipe button for sell or buy. Swipe button is very irritating and takes more time to place an order. Due to swipe button i can't place order on specific price in option trading,it doesn't swipe when i want to. And when finally it swiped, the price was not as it was before, which create loss . Please change this swipe button to tap button just like iOS app.
Paytm Money:I am not able to download it. It gets stuck at 98% while downloading. Edit : ohhh man, I am not using ur paytm money App only in my phone, so do you really think that network and storage issue will be there. Everything is running perfect, there is some issue in your App. And if so many people are complaining about the same issue, look out for the solution instead of just pasting the same template to everyone.
Paytm Money:Unnecessary blocks on screen which shows some news messages and make it very hard to find something important. Example is a floating block with BSE and NSE current values with graph. We really don't need that. There are some news section on the screen which we dont really care on Food Diet Health etc..i am thinking more seriously to leave this account. Getting frustrated.
Paytm Money:Unreliable and crashes in almost every expiry. 1. Take today's example, both app and web was not responding for 2 hours. Taken position couldn't be settled on time. 2. Couldn't take new trades. 3. In web, open multiple charts and see the pages go crashing because of multiple charts opened. 4. Charts are useless. They freeze during the session for no reasons. Serious fixes required otherwise the retail users will keep on losing money because of this app.
Paytm Money:Post market sessions, if we launch the app, the profit and loss shows highly incorrect values. Need to refresh. Also the mic button is so useless and cannot be disabled. Everytime we need to move it here n there. Its annoying. The candle chart is very pathetic and so is the analysis tools as compared to Trading view. It can be integrated just like how Its integrated in Zerodha.
Paytm Money:Pathetic platform.... This platform needs to be improved a lot. The trades doesn't get executed even after the market rate surpasses the order rate(strange). The SL order gets executed as a seperate order in a different exchange. I oders doesn't get placed immediately after clicking on buy or sell. Sometimes the APP crashes when trying to place a SELL order. Totally totally disappointed. I am writing this after using the app for 2 months. It is not at all ready for trading.The platform has bugs
Paytm Money:Paytm money P & l ...... Functionality not working properly 1.O&F month month wise not showing 2.O & F custom p & l not showing 3. O & F days wise p& l not showing And evey days transection page not working properly.... Please fix it .... And other functions are good ....
Paytm Money:Difficult to navigate. The user interface was below average to start with but with the new update it has become more difficult and maze like. Also the option to see our in progress app has vanished. So for the time interval between we make a lumpsum payment to a fund and the units are alloted we cannot keep the track of the porgress. Only after the units are alloted we can see it in the dashboard. I've stopped using this app for new sips but i am struck in this app with old ongoing elss.
Paytm Money:Hi, I'm quiet new in trading , therefore I have to do a lot of R&d to select stock to put them into my watch list before making any investment decision , so I need to create many group to classify them according to their nature/size/ sector/ growth & value. So if possible plz look into the requirements list. I believe this is requirement of commoners which is untold till now Rest I hv a wonderful experience with paytm money . Rgds JAI BISHT
Paytm Money:Well app interface is quite simple as compared to other similar app. But some features need to be improved. One of them is widrawal withdraw takes much time and it is taken as a request or ticket for withdrawal & no immediate deduction takes place. I'm using Upstox from past 2 years. Deductions take place at the same time the request is placed & they provide a timeline within which it will reflect in our personal bank account but I have always received the amount in bank a/c within half an hour.
Paytm Money:Edit: 8 months, still no change. they can't even do basic calculations. The total protfolio size shown is right, but returns and investment amount is all wrong. Raised multiple tickets to point out the mistake but they closed all the tickets without even giving a solution or timeline. PS: don't reply asking me to write a mail or something. i'm done trying reching out.
Paytm Money:Very bad experience as i have raised a ticket for changing default bank account in MF as paytm payment bank is being out of service which was automatically my default and now there is no reply or proper support .
Paytm Money:I have smooth experience with Paytm Money. Especially I liked UPI payment feature. Compared to other apps UI (User Interface) is very smooth and navigate between screens very easy. But only one problem I was noticed that, the NAV updates are updating after 11pm or 12am only. Sometimes wrong NAV values are updating and due to this Portfolio showing wrong. So expecting accurate results.
Paytm Money:It's a very wonderful application if it's properly fixed. Even after several updates the application crashes always. Paytm Money developers, did you create this application for people to invest or to play with it? The application crashes every time. Either you fix this issue or withdraw from Google play. For those who may download this application, please look for alternatives before you get your investment stuck. I have contacted developer personally but no change.
Paytm Money:Don't use this app. It can crash at any time. If freeze, sometimes you won't be able to login. Sometimes you purchase an call trade and you won't be able to exit because when you open app it starts to show log in and no matter how many time you click on login it always comes back on same page. Beware of this app, it can translate your profit into huge losses.
Paytm Money:It's such a pathetic app. I tried to do scalping several times but due to the functionality of the app , it use to get restart and I have to face the loss for which I could easily get the handsome benefit. Even it sometimes don't show pending orders and It gets executed automatically. You can't purchase anything after 3:15 pm. They don't have MA crossover and a lot of other indicators.
Paytm Money:Every time i try to set up autopay the app just won't allow me to and it gets rejected every single time. Also even after paying for the monthly sip they keep sending the mail to pay it again without the confirmation of earlier payment. I ended up paying twice the amount and neither of the transaction is confirmed even though the amount has been deducted twice from my bank account.
Paytm Money:The app is good. But the customer support is really bad. I added a small amount from my bank account to wallet. Although the amount is deducted from bank, it's not reflecting in Paytm account. Even after raising multiple tickets in customer support, I am getting the same copy paste answer. What is the guarantee that, this won't happen tomy next investment? Atleast there shall be convincing answers to the tickets raised. Might need to switch to other platforms.
Paytm Money:The UI is the simple and easy to use. Transaction charges are okay. Only issue I find is delay in transaction. When you sell a stock, it takes more than 48 hours for the amount to get credited to your bank account a nd 24 hours for the amount to get credited to Paytm account to trade Also when you invest in mutual funds, it takes more time to invest or withdraw money compared to other platforms. DDPI option is still not available
Paytm Money:I have forgotten the login password while using the app. Now in order to reset the password they have given a number from which I should call. It's a very bad option, other trading platforms are giving so many easy options to reset the password, why it is not there. Kindly guide me to reset the login password.
Paytm Money:Overall the app is very good, responsive, and executes orders quite fast. Fonts and clarity of content is there. However, it wastes space at many places, doesn't allow customization, requires multiple click and drill down to see more details about stock, holdings, orders etc. After adding money, goes to watchlist and not dashboard or where it was earlier.
Paytm Money:App is good but the support is really poor, almost non existent. Only chat available and they take days and sometimes weeks to reply to issues. There is no call center. So it gets very stressful when there is an issue with your investment or redemption. Not sure how can they make a financial application live without having a reliable support structure in place.
Paytm Money:Positives: 1. Nice and clean UI. 2. All funds of the partnered AMCs available. Negatives: 1. Old portfolio import unavailable. Any existing investor will expect old portfolio to come automatically. 2. Franklin funds not present. Conclusion: Old investors won't use the application, if the mentioned issues are not addressed. But the application is intuitive and provides good UX. Problems mentioned easy to solve and expect them to be solved soon. I will update the review after using it for another month. I hope a lot of changes shall happen over the next 1-2 months. Hope to use this application in future.
Paytm Money:Great UI and my experience with it has been great, but their customer support is very bad. Their customer support chatbot is configured to handle only specific issues, if your issue is not one of them, you are basically screwed. I have been facing issues with setting up SIP autopay and I can't submit it to the bot. I had to find their support email online to raise the issue, but I haven't received any support after their acknowledgement email. Please improve your customer support
Paytm Money:You're doing awesome, but recently after April update, the app gets stuck for longer time on the startup page and after some time it gets crashed throwing an error. 1 in 5 trials I'm able to launch the app. Please look into it, otherwise, the app is awesome. Edit 1: The issue of app crashing isn't resolved yet. Got another issue, the text is overlapping in the Goals section where the value of goal is mentioned. Tried uninstalling & reinstalling app. Decreasing 1 star just to get noticed.
Paytm Money:I liked the simplicity to use the app. But I just lost money due to their technical glitch. App & desktop site didn't reflect the order for a longer time and I repeated the stock order. This lead to short sell of uprising stock and I lost money which I should have earned. Even the app kept on showing me in profit for a long time and suddenly it refreshed to show me in loss. This was just ridiculous experience. Simplicity doesn't cover my money loss. I don't suggest new users to join this app.
Paytm Money:This is worst app, Their person called me and said there will be no brokerage charge for one month, I started trading and not only they charged brokerage fees but also they charged AMC of 350+ rs. How cheap a company can be. Now I will never trade or invest in paytm money or will tell everyone not to use this app. There is no contact support to call or provide your query, they only raise a ticket and close the ticket without hearing of customer.
Paytm Money:I have tried to install app atleast 10 times on 4 dofferent days. Installation stops @94% every time. Have restarted my phone, switched off and on, did everything i could think of. Now I am beginning to believe that there is some error in application. I am using oneplus 3 phone with latest android version. Finding an option to attach screenshot but unable to find the option to attach it.
Paytm Money:The app is OK. Mostly similar features like other mf apps. Looks a bit cluttered sometimes due to the high amount of information present - however it depends on users how they take it. For me the best part is the consolidated ratings and other fund details available. Fund manager performance also is a good add. It helps me in my research to choose funds. However nothing to push me to use the app for investing. For now will use it for research purposes only. Kuvera app is much more elegant and simple to operate without doing away with essential features.
Paytm Money:The App seems to have a good interface and it's good to have all investments products under one roof. But the interactions with the staff on text was very poor. The staff and overall the Company does not seem to have any integrity and blatantly lie about facts and figures. While a proper value system seems to be lacking it will be difficult for me to trust them with my life savings.
Paytm Money:New app UI is good Functionality is good, but it takes forever to withdraw money. They claim I'll be able to withdraw unsettled money within two working days, but you'd be lucky if you get it back in a week. Also, consider making annual transaction history/summary easier to read. My CA has a tough time reading the document, it's not at all friendly to read, text size is way too small & a summary doesn't exist.
Paytm Money:Costumer support like 0%. I am facing Auto payment rejection but after 5 days it's not solved. All time showing a ticket but results all time 0. I am going to logout.
Paytm Money:Stock Options prices does not update realtime. I compared with another app, it updates option prices late.
Paytm Money:Compared to All Trading & Stock Market apps it's Worst app, Before Adding Fund Very Changes applicable telling, After Adding Fund Very Highly Charges Changed. Every Lot Buying Changes: 15+(1%+18% ) Same Selling changes : 15+(1%+18%) Arround Charged More Than 18% of Profit and Not In Case You Loss Fund and There Is Not Helpful. Customer care Service Support also not responding . Before Saying Criteria not applicable.
Paytm Money:App is not showing investments done outside of paytm money app. There is no option of updating external portfolio which all other apps are giving.
Paytm Money:I am using the Kuvera App, I am missing the following features when I compare with the Kuvera. 1) Expense Ratio is missing !!, its very basic thing for any mutual fund. 2) When we set the Goal, there should be a Tenure for the each Goal and what is the current status of the Goal as per our portfolio allocation. 3) Dashboard Option which is very useful in Kuvera. I Understand the direct comparison may not be right, but this is to make the paytm Money better compared to Kuvera.
Paytm Money:After the last update on aug 2 the app does not even open.refuses to budge past the first screen. Had the issue earlier as well but could directly access the portfolio by long press of the app button and navigate from there,but now even that option is not available. Update: finally got my issue fixed, Paytm support reach out, but weren't of much help , deleting cache and reinstalling the app didn't help. Finally deleting the app storage from settings fixed the issue.
Paytm Money:3rd class service, no customer care no, so many loopholes in App. I want to stop/delete Auto-pay option but nowhere I can stop my Auto-pay, plz I want to delete my Auto-pay option
Paytm Money:Unable to buy & and also unable to add to the favourite, the stock, which we want to buy, like jp company's Stocks. I tried many way to add like searching option, top Movers etc. It shows in searching option but, can't select to buy it or add to favourite. Also it is not made for trading, as it is not showing in depth details of the stocks as we see in other companies app.
Paytm Money:App was really fantastic upto a time. Managing portfolios was really fun. But from last 2 weeks.. Roughly from September 2nd week, facing lot of problems.. Basically my portfolio is not getting updated for weeks now. This was surely not my expectation at all. Kindly help me to fix this issue asap. I have already raised an issue inside app but no luck yet. Kindly help.
Paytm Money:Except the design of the app, its really a worst app for trading. Customer service is really pathetic! So I am moving out from this app. Many times, the order has executed only after a few seconds you have initiated the order. By that time the price may have changed a lot. Few other times, when we tried to exit from a trade, it will not executed, so we will try it again. After a few minutes, when we will check the order, there may be multiple orders have placed which we may not initiated!
Paytm Money:No customer care contact number. Thus no help from customer care except a small message system in the app which is or not much use. App looks good, but everything needs to be self learned and your mistakes cost a lot, also no customer care to call and ask for any help. I lost of lots of time in trying to learn how to use this app before investing. Everything in facing new problems but not knowing how to solve. Bottom line: This app doesn't make investing easy. It only complicates things.
Paytm Money:Merits : 1. One of the best apps for mutual fund investments 2. Option to check traded value throughout the graph by clicking on the point of interest 3. Options to view the graph at various granularities like 1m, 3m, ..... 5yr and max period 4. NPS A/C opening and more Demerits : Some times updates will be out of sync. Suggestion : Data/details can be updated at defined intervals to avoid seeing out of sync details at different places/sections of the app.
Paytm Money:It's been more than 3 months since I requested for autopay. I have uploaded all the documents. Still it is pending. I have raised more than 5 issues, none of them addressed. Though the resolution window is 48hrs. There is no any other alternate way to contact them. It's insanely stupid app. I have opened account because of brand. If you're new/existing investor never open account with this app. This app makes your disciplined investment behavior into haywire.
Paytm Money:Worst experience, Unable to sell my mf units. AMC updated my default bank account but in your app still asking to change default bank. more 4 5 days now I'm frustrated with your service. Issue already share in your help section.
Paytm Money:There is no indicator moving average exponential in f&o options trading.. Kindly incorporate this as early as possible.
Paytm Money:Please do not use this app. Especially on with Paytm autopay feature. It's impossible to turn off and keeps pulling money without notifications. I lost 10k on this app after withdrawing invested money, I didn't recieve a penny and was shown only "Failed transaction". Have tried their customer care which should get an award for being the trashiest ever.
Paytm Money:It times to change rating 5 star to 1 star Lots of bugs and error and due to this i suffer huge losses, and they are not reimbursing and making new excuses day by day
Paytm Money:New update is very bad, unable ro get full mutual fund details, bad interface and user experience. My regular investments gone down by 80% , just because of poor interface after opening any Fund asking with difficult navigation. Every time to see any fund detail click the extention either its for amc details or company it has invested in or compared funds etc. Its useless to go to all details in this new update. Request to please bring back the old interface for investments, it was best.
Paytm Money:It's a good trading platform. And the most important thing is security regarding transactions. It's too secured and fast just on fingertips graphs are accurate in real time synced. I'm personally using it and I can bet that there is no any other platform like this. Too user-friendly. They also added proper fund page explainaitions for every term. You can easily understand every scenarios and every aspect of trading especially option trading. Thank you so much for making trading simple.
Paytm Money:Bad ending of a great MF app. It worked excellent for past many years till sometimes back when I noticed changes in app. And now we have been moved to BSE star just because we don't want demat with mf. No one want to be moved there. Now I left with no other option to switch to a different app and first in list is groww. Paytm is giving treat to its competitors.
Paytm Money:DO NOT USE THIS APP! I REPEAT DO NOT USE THIS APP!! Use some other app like groww. I am facing a problem of receiving payouts (due to monthly credit limit of paytm savings bank) in Paytm Money and I contacted the help and support and it has been two months now and they are not sending it, always asking for confirmation of that show that limit has been unimposed. Now, paytm is their own company and they don't know that there is no confirmation, after the month gets over, on 1st it gets reset.
Paytm Money:Everything is just outstanding but i face one problem with swipe button for sell or buy. Swipe button is very irritating and takes more time to place an order. Due to swipe button i can't place order on specific price in option trading, it doesn't swipe when i want to. And when finally it swiped, the price was not as it was before, which create loss. Please change this swipe button to tap button just like iOS app. And some time apps doesn't show any trade price percentage I think it's big buge.
Paytm Money:Searching the stocks needs to be improved. UI is not so easy to access from any page. If suppose i am in portfolio page then i want to search for stocks, then i have to swtich back to dashboard page then only i can able to search. It will be very useful if search is floating. Similarly IPO page. It is not at all visible to access that page from equity page.
Paytm Money:I like to do option trading in paytm money, but why you dont make a 2 columns one for open positions and second for closed positions, So we can able to see avg buying price of fresh order in open position if again same order placed with same call or put...
Paytm Money:Horrible experience. They ask to switch your funds to Paytm from existing portfolio and when you do that they have ton of errors. Some funds have same units twice. Some funds are exited but they are still there. They ask to unload latest report but don't update the funds from it. It's overall a mess. It's better to go with a better app or just wait for these apps to stabilize. Customer service is pretty bad where they pretend to not understand all the issues with the system.
Paytm Money:Worst application please don't download try for other applications, customer care services very bad, lot's of time I generate complaint ticket but no response.. i stuck my savings..
Paytm Money:Don't know why it shows two notifications while purchasing 1: You have allotted this AMC with .... NAV 2: You have allotted thus AMC with higher NAV. Every time I purchase AMC, I've to pay more than the actual NAV (NAV rises in second notification when allotment is done. Not sure what happens when I sell it). This is how it is making money instead of any extra cost. So better don't trust this app go for better options.
Paytm Money:Unable to withdraw amount after multiple efforts. Support is nowhere to be found. Worst experience.
Paytm Money:Loved this app. Just a couple of suggestion- Please add some more features so that we can easily choose the better fund or share for e.g. comparison and return after the tax deduction etc. It will give more clear picture of the fund. And second, Please give the small understandable definition of complex terms so that we don't need to search it on Google, when we hover/click over a term e.g. P/B ratio, exit load etc. It will help the beginners.
Paytm Money:The new update is full of bugs. Actions that took 1 tap previously now take 2 or 3 taps. I'm quite disappointed with this new update. Edit: After the transition to BSE StAR, the automated investment has become full of bugs and unreliable. The support agents don't have a clue how to fix the issues. They just keep repeating canned replies.
Paytm Money:I have enjoyed the app so far. It is simple-to-use and intuitive. Customer service is the best part. Overall, the experience is really smooth. All basic information about the funds and the investments is presented in a neat manner which makes it easy to analyze and compare them. However, the app lacks useful features like: Rolling returns graphs, graph presenting performance of fund vs category, fund vs benchmark etc.
Paytm Money:Customer service support is very very poor, some times doesn't work properly...& difficulty to understand what happened
Paytm Money:Hello paytm team I always face an issue as I wanted to open the app it doesn't open easily and stuck. I uninstall and reinstall many time but facing same issue. Look if you won't solve the problem and find the bug. I have no other option left to rate it 1 start. if this problem doesn't get resolve i will rate 1 star again and will switch the platform.
Paytm Money:Hi There, I am an user of this platform, right from the beginning of Paytm Money. I wonder the feel and look was very good and screen flow is very impressive, easy to navigate. But now after updating to your new version. I feel like a beginner's app 1. Each product flow is never gone be wrost than the current version. Very sorry team. I hope you will release better version ASAP.
Paytm Money:I don't reccomend at all. Very pathetic customer support and they don't properly update your details at all.
Paytm Money:Cutting out stars simply because of the lack of important features, no options for nominations in the app, no option for systematic step-up, no options to directly callt he customer support, Bugs found every now and then, sometimes the investment value doesn't updat on the EOD, app goes unresponsive very frequently. Been using this app for 3 yeara now, but not satisfied completely.
Paytm Money:Just perfect, you can change your investment decisions on the go, pause sip in one click - my favourite feature. Its a good way of managing investment. Some suggestions: 1. Some way to show investments which are eligible for LTCG. 2. While redemption, option to input units Instead of money since NAV is applicable of the same day, price varies 3. In case of switch to direct mutual fund, you should have an option for cancellation of request, I had to use other ways to do it
Paytm Money:Writing this review after using the app for over an year. The app interface is user friendly & very simple to use. GTT is still in Beta mode since quite a long time. Worst part are the frequent technical glitches, which takes longer time to resolve and Customer Support is PATHETIC! The customer support only copy-paste templates, even without understanding what the issue is. Improvement is highly needed in terms of Customer Support & frequent Technical glitches.
Paytm Money:This app is very worst lag in the mid of trading and crash in every 5 minute if you have too much money to wadte then come here trade and this app wont work perfectly and your trade lost
Paytm Money:Lumsum and add more are different but in paytmmoney, same interface is coming. Top-up in SBI contra fund is showing wrong amount. It is 1000 but showing 5k. Please correct it. Also display total percentage of large mid and small cap in my portfolio as shown in Paytm app.
Paytm Money:I have been facing payment issues for buying a Mutual Fund through SIP since the last 3-4 days. Both the payment methods - NetBanking or Debit Card are not working. I'm getting a message saying "This event is logged and our team has been notified about this". I had raised a support ticket for the same but you just closed it without solving it or giving any reply. Similar was the situation for my previous ticket also. It got closed without solving it or getting any reply. This is really the worst kind of customer support I've faced till now. Extremely disappointed! I might have to consider switching to other popular investment platforms.
Paytm Money:My first investment app and the experience has been good overall. Investing and withdrawal is quite user friendly and the relevant information and updates are always available inside the app itself. There are a few times when the payment gets stuck and hence has to be rerouted back which results in paying twice in order to not miss on a SIP date. The support staff is quite efficient. Share market space in the app could be made a bit better. The latest update 'POPS' has been really good.
Paytm Money:The Process is hassle free. But beware of one major CON - they do not allow you to set tenure for SIPs. By default it is considered to be perpetual. This is a big hindrance as most have set goals for certain amount of time. Now I have to remember to cancel the SIP as well, which does not solve the purpose of simplifying mutual fund investment. I regret investing as I have to keep a tab on cancellation of SIP as well
Paytm Money:Nice app, all financial products under one roof and very user friendly, smooth app. Need some improvement, as if someone use frequently for stocks they need to give provision to add shortcut to direct access stocks, everytime when user opens the app it lands on landing page where he need to additionally click stocks to enter the dashboard. Stock charts are not working properly, unable to scroll horizontally. It would be great if they improve the app for the ease of accessibility. Overall good!
Paytm Money:Pathetic experience. The customer support is too bad. No contact number, only way to raise any concern is through tickets, which they do not revert promptly. Even if you get a reply after long time, it will be totally irrelevant to your issue. The interface is also bad, you can't scroll the inbox and if you press down key, what you wrote so far is gone. The auto pay system is the worst. They sometimes do not initiate the SIPs and you miss your monthly investment goals. Really worried.
Paytm Money:Don't use this app....i made a transaction through this app on 18th july and the money was deducted for the failed transaction and i have not received my money yet.....other apps do refund within few days but this app' s assistant says contact with bank.....I visited bank and they said they have no connection with this transaction....ill say donot make heavy transaction through this app....this is the worst app ever....
Paytm Money:I am not able to download PnL for the last Fy by putting custom filter,end date not working.please correct it.I have to email it to my account
Paytm Money:Lot of bugs, observing from last 1 week even after the markets get closed at 3:30PM, I could see the the days profit/loss is getting updated. Not sure why it is like this and it always reduces. Some times the profit shows 15% or more. Please fix the bugs. And introduce chart to track our Investments and profits made on daily basis just like how we see chart for specific stock. That is really good feature. some more features like sector wise investments like pharma, it, power, ... and large, mid,
Paytm Money:Having problems while using it with mobile data. Otherwise with wifi working fine
Paytm Money:As far app is concerned, it is excelent and seemless . The details and data is awailable flawlessly.
Paytm Money:The app seems nice. The only problem I see with this is that Nomination seems to be intentionally ignored by this app. For any financial account, nomination is the most important - so that once you die, the assets go to the nominee to dispose of. For the Paytm money app, there is no way to add nomination when signing up, there is no easy way to update it. It has to be filled in a paper form and mailed to their office. The lack of nomination is not highlighted anywhere in the app.
Paytm Money:Don't know why developers play with UI. Earlier versions were better than the current version UI.
Paytm Money:Really disappointed. Downloaded the app because I have been using paytm for years and thought they were trustworthy. An investment of mine faced some issues and wasn't getting confirmed. Instead of helping me resolve it, the customer service decided to ghost me and hasn't written back to me since. Although they were quick to respond to other queries in the meantime. The amount I lost was a miniscule amount, but the additional knowledge of their unprofessionalism was a bonus.
Paytm Money:Really a good app, UI is easy and understandable. Everything is easy to do with this app. One thing that is required is zooming in the graph or like select the time range in which we want to see the statistics because if you are investing your money for long time then in this app it is impossible to check your pervious statistics.
Paytm Money:App is nice and user friendly. But there are few serious other issues. UPI payment is problematic. My payment is not appearing though payment was successful. And there is no Support contact number. If you giving investment platform you MUST provide timely support. My suggestion wait for them to improve the bugs, use once it is stabilized.
Paytm Money:App support is extremely poor. One simple request like changing default bank account is so much of a headache.
Paytm Money:You have a glitch in the app I've been trying to set the passcode and it's not accepting at all it's says passcode already exists for user ????
Paytm Money:Worst customer support. They don't bother to respond to your complaints properly but have all time and technology in world to send platform annual fee bill not once but top it up thrice in an hour's time so total 4 so far. I wonder the technology and customer service are only good for this. Thank God they showed their TRUE colors and I can now easily decide to exit from this now based on a month of continuous horrible experience/support. Which email??3-4 email id already tried and are looped in.
Paytm Money:Very diappointed with paytm money. There are lot of issues with it. My personal experience 1. I tried to upload money 10k which was failed but money deducted. I saw response it will automatically revered with in four working days again I uploaded money very next day both transactions marked as successful. 2. There is a huge delay in updaing latest NAV. I saw even for three days it didnt update. 3. Once you pay it will take at peast three days to get units alloted from AMC.
Paytm Money:For a starter like me it was best to choose this app, it is very easy to start investing in this app they have ton of features in it. I have tried other apps before but they don't give you full control over our sip like pausing and stopping etc. One thing which is missing is their customer care no. which is essential for investing apps. Hope they will launch one soon
Paytm Money:It is a very good and intuitive interface. But still there is a scope of improvement. Please setup a customer service platform, so that customer can directly concern their issues from the app only. Second thing, please start option trading platform so that we can stand in front the person who using other trading apps. Thanks you.
Paytm Money:Improvements needed in application performance and Import portfolio feature has flaws and cannot correctly import external transactions through CAS. The UI is neat, but these are flaws that must be fixed to make the app usable. Hope to see Switch fund, STP, SWP features added. The customer support seems good. They ensure that no issue is unattended. 5 stars for support, 2 stars for the product.
Paytm Money:The app is good but I request the team to kindly also provide full functionality to website vesrion also as in case the phone get's lost or in case of any mishap the account can be operated from the computer browser website for securing investments. I also think that the web version would be convenient for old school user's to be able to view entire dashboard on the wider computer screens instead of a smartphone.
Paytm Money:Very bad experience with this app 1 time Widral it's taking 5 to 7 days very baad app when money required to person this app will not give on time
Paytm Money:Initially it was. Good. But. I had done a redemption and the money didn't get deposited in paytm bank account. After repeated messaging on the app the guy kept saying to upload account statement. But pdf version cannot be uploaded and the images are getting blurred everytime. He is not helping further. I am going to stop investing. If I can't even get my return. This in continuation of earlier post... The issue was resolved.. but the glitches in portfolio just seem to continue...
Paytm Money:My earlier review was "Wonderful". But there has an issue. For some reason the amount in one of my folios is showing almost double. And I don't know how to correct it. Otherwise also, I have noticed that it takes a slightly longer time for the investment to reflect and the redemption to be credited as compared to Kuvera. There are many great features on the app given by the PM team which I adore like instant comparison between mutual funds which helps in avoiding similar funds.
Paytm Money:How to contact you i tried various methods to call you from Google there is no chat service there is no way of communication with pay tm money the number mentioned are not working
Paytm Money:Have been using Paytm since 2010 when it used 2 be a mobile recharge wesite. Kind of liked their website 4 the simple user interface and they have continued d legacy so well even with a product that has 100 times more features. App is easy 2 use for anyone and d whole design is simple and yet so classy. Masking, Dashboard, Goals creator, Top-up are some of my favourite features. Every screen of the App has all the types of data which you might need. Job well done!
Paytm Money:There are many issues which are highly sensitive. First the customer support is very weak. Secondly there is no contact number for telephonic conversation with customer support, hence you can contact only via customer support chat section. Most hectic is even after contacting customer support via chat the time taken to resolve the issue is very long. The mobile application is good but needs a good customer support.
Paytm Money:Not a good experience using this app because i can put money but i can't take out that money. The will get into it u will be told to wait but at last it shows insufficient balance and cancel out automatically. 2nd is u can't put stop loss the share u buy in cash market. So, thinking of moving to some other platforms.
Paytm Money:Great app. Easy to use and does the job well. The only challenge is support. If there are queries, there is no number where one can call on. Key information is missing like what is the cutoff time, processing time, refresh time, ect... once these challenges are addressed, I think it would be best in class app.
Paytm Money:Good analytics and seamless platform... But has several drawbacks - 1. Does not track outside investments made in folios created in Paytm money. 2. Hopeless customer care. It is a nightmare contacting customer care and then eliciting a response from them. 3. No option to change default account for receiving MF redemption amount. Must improve. Have been using the platform since long but now moving away.
Paytm Money:The landline number mentioned on the contract note to register discrepancies is always unanswered. Editing after the developer's response- the so called dedicated customer support team is really good for nothing. Their standard response is "I'll call you in 10 minutes and resolve the issue" they never call back, they don't gove ticket no. so I can't track it. Customer service is pathetic, really.
Paytm Money:I have been very pleased with this until now. Infact I had moved all my investments from one popular App to them but recently I found a flow. To any portfolio investment, if u make changes externally (through resoective AMC) e.g. Switch ot Withdraw, it wouldn't update on portfolio hence presenting wrong data. I wrote to cust care, they simply said they don't have this function yet. 29/8/19 app updated 2-3 times but still not fixed.
Paytm Money:Made a transaction but for 4 days it did not go through. Because of this the NAV increased and I am facing a loss. Called support, they were not able to give an appropriate answer or cancel the transaction. Very difficult to navigate and confusing interface as well overall.
Paytm Money:It's UI is good but if you are looking for service its very bad experience. You can't find the customer support number. If you face any issue , you can see only the fixed options.you have to choose only that options even you have other problems.
Paytm Money:App works fine and is very user friendly , however multiple times payment page takes much more time to load , causing payment failure and on top of that those transactions does not shows as failed transaction immediately , instead transaction status shows as progress. Due to this one cannot initite next transaction untill previous transaction (which is failed but show as progress) completes which usually takes 2-3 days. Due to this reason I have missed many SIP payments.
Paytm Money:Can't place two consecutive orders on mutual funds from same fund houses on same day. Confirmation takes two days. It is unlike other apps where the investment of the same house on the same day is independent of previous investment confirmation. This is quite frustrating inspite of the apps interface being good, it is as good as being useless unless this investment problem is rectified.
Paytm Money:Not able to login despite correct password. No info about my stocks portfolio available while the UI lag and finally displays "some problem with the system". I am switching to zerodha. Thanks for the awesome experience. Update: corrected. Thus, have upgraded the rating from 1 star to 4 star
Paytm Money:Well, in the sea of investment apps around you it is confusing to choose one. While investing trust, detailed information, user experience, simplicity and customer service are one the most important things. And after exploring a bunch of apps I personally think Paytm has all the above pretty well.
Paytm Money:Worst ever app i have used in my life. It is more than 2 weeks, I had applied for the document verification for f&o bt it is still showing that docs are under verification check. I received the call from their end on 10/05/2022 that you can add money and trade as your documents are verified. And i added money bt still for f&o it is showing the same. And no any communication is done by their end. Really very bad experience they r providing to their customers.
Paytm Money:I have installed this app and started trading and investing. It is very easy, quick and no hidden charges. But, on negative side, there is no helpline or contact phone number given or available in case we need to ask some doubts. Occasionly somebody will call us and remind us to feed money in the account, but, they cannot clarify even a minor doubts.
Paytm Money:This App is very Slow... I mean very Slow I am using Poco X3 pro 8gb ram and this app does not work until I turn my aeroplane mode on and then off. it have a lot of bugs .. Please try to fix them..I have used many brokers like zerodha fyrr and many more they are really really fast.. Every time I place 4 order at the same time it crashes and I am sick of it.. And it's customer service is not that good .. Today I made a loss 43k just because of your application is crashing.. Please try to fix it.
Paytm Money:this app very slow and very high a/c maintiance charge
Paytm Money:Very bad... Unnecessarily without information from my wallet automatically detected my fund...raised a query but still no response very worst...
Dhani Stocks:Amazing app! Just a few issues problem. But there are some areas for improvement: The rating system for drivers also will appeared late, or not at all, after a trip is going back meaning tips to drivers are received quickly, very slowly, or not at all. When a driver is allocated, The tipping driver function doesn't always work as good. the tracking will disappear and reapead, two to three times, during the same trip. This doesn't take away from the many positives this app brings to customers.
Dhani Stocks:No doubt, this is amazing!! Online marketing and specific management are the perfect uses for this growing product. The feature that automatically contributes each month is revolutionary. It's fantastic and simple to use for high-quality photos and profit. Customers must check their watchlist in order to trade. Despite being intuitive and user-friendly, developers still need to fix a few problems. Anyone can use the software, regardless of experience level with the financial markets.
Dhani Stocks:Wonderful app! But there are some areas for improvement: Just a few issues to improvement. The rating system for drivers also will appeared late, or not at all, after a trip is contribution. running tips to drivers are received quickly, very slowly, or not at all. When a driver is allocates, the tracking will disappears and reapearers, two to three times, The tipping driver function doesn't always work as great. This doesn't take away from the many positives this app brings to customers.
Dhani Stocks:Just amazing app!! This application is really helpful for trading, and anyone can use it regardless of experience level with the financial markets because to its user-friendly design. To trade, users must search for contracts on their watchlist. Although I've found it to be beneficial and user-friendly, there are a few concerns that developers could fix for future releases. The software has an excellent user interface and is always adding new features. To practise without taking any risks.
Dhani Stocks:Mind blowing platform!! This trending tool, with its automated monthly contributions, is perfect for online marketing and administration. For basic picture quality, it is straightforward to use. The app helps users identify contracts on their watchlist, which is useful for trading. It is user-friendly, despite a few flaws that could be fixed in future releases, having been around for more than a year. It has an amazing user interface and is accessible to everyone thanks to its simple design.
Dhani Stocks:This is an wonderful app. This app is very simple, useful and effective. Update destroyed App. The dhan has improved considerably. However recently I face a new problem. Every time I open the app, it shows update notification and the play store app opens but there is no new update. even though it was slow is served the purpose. But now when can found our lost phone even without sim card. It forces sound to come on when you select Play sound even if the phone is set to silent mode.
Dhani Stocks:Very awesome! This trading of tool is ideal for particular management and online marketing. However, the trading of feature is a game changer for automated monthly contributing. It's really amazing and easy to use for simple quality of images, But it lacks a secters- specifically overviewed of portfolios, After using it for more than a year and a half, which could be displayed in a pie chart for easier convenient...
Dhani Stocks:But after the everything app update, The Dhan app has a full of issues and a visually appeared, user friendly interface design. It feels like multiple apps are stacked on top of each other. Dhan app trading was the best. The only option is to exit the app and relogin. but the navigation is contribution. you have to reverify your device and mobile number. When you navigate to the credit card or help section, you can't return to the home screen. I regret being forced into this kind of experience.
Dhani Stocks:Please introduce 10/20/25 seconds Timeframes. Interface is lagging so much;make it smoother to execute orders. Many times chart takes so much time to load while switching from one timeframe to other. Interface is user friendly and easy to understand. Just work on fixing bugs,lagging & making user experience smoother rather than introducing new things.
Dhani Stocks:This is a wonderful app. The Dhan app is incredibly user-friendly design, with a sleek interface that makes trading app. This app features a sleek and user-friendly interface suitable for both new and seasoned traders. Its layout is intuitive, with key features readily accessible from the home screen. Navigation is seamless, thanks to clearly labeled menus and intuitive icons. The design emphasizes functionality while maintaining an appealing aesthetic, ensuring an engaging trading experience
Dhani Stocks:I have noticed a bug before the latest update, and it still persists after the update. In the 'watchlist' tab, the 'invested' section, where I can see the ETFs and stocks I have invested in, sometimes randomly shows up empty. The invested stocks and ETFs do not appear there. Previously, logging out and logging back in would make them show up, but after the latest update, even logging out and logging back in, clearing data, and clearing the cache does not make them show up. Please fix this issue.
Dhani Stocks:It is a very Nice app. Dhan App provides superb, user-friendly services and features. Despite being new to the market. This is a must recommended appDhan has exceeded my expectations as a trading app. The speed of order execution and the variety of features available are impressive. The user interface is intuitive and easy to navigate. Excellent customer support as well. Highly recommend this app !
Dhani Stocks:This trading application provides thorough research along with great features. Although the UI feels elegant, it might be made simpler. Among the problems are F&O trades that seem to be active after exit and need a stop-loss in order to record profits. Although privacy issues surface, the software is user-friendly, displaying invested amounts and overall gain/loss on the homepage. Buying and selling are made simple by the clearly presented settings. It is highly suggested that you trade.
Dhani Stocks:It offers excellent functionality and thorough analysis capabilities, but its UI, while upscale, feels cumbersome and needs to be reduced. In the F&O area, transactions are not leaving properly, necessitating manual stop-loss modifications to register profits. The programme allows you to browse numerous charts, however it does not always execute sell orders smoothly, and its overall responsiveness may be improved. A noteworthy drawback is the lack of chart view options in the positions pane
Dhani Stocks:The Dhan app has a lots of trading and protocols management. User friendly interface design easy to used! Why is this still an issue? 2/13/20- still hard to read the earnings chart due to POOR color choices. Not good for actual news, you'll have to get that elsewhere. Very disappointed and I use a generic stock app to get up to date news. 10/09/19- can you use a slightly larger font and darker colors for the earnings numbers in the bar chart? so hard to read. white on light blue is bad. HELLO??
Dhani Stocks:Better than others!! Although generally good, the app might use several enhancements: 1. A quicker loading time for the chart; 2. Better stop-loss drag-and-drop, as it's not working at the moment. This app has been in my use for a year. You started offering real-time market news recently, which is fantastic and something that no other demat account provides. All stock news in real time would be helpful. Though brought out several times, it appears to be disregarded: Kindly incorporate.
Dhani Stocks:After update dhan is sufer fast. All the features available in the app are very beneficial and user-friendly programme. The support and resistance levels displayed are almost exact. Be grateful that such a beautiful piece of software has been created. Making charts is quite useful, however the latest upgrade, as other reviews have noted, requires more clicks than the prior version, which is annoying. I would be fine with the new upgrade if you would reinstate that in the mobile
Dhani Stocks:Everything is good about this app But i think a few improvements needed. Please include a step-up SIP option and a capital allocation diagram showing investments in large, mid, and small funds for mutual funds. Currently, only the holdings are visible. A comprehensive diagram would enhance understanding. I've encountered a major glitch in the appsometimes it doesn't respond to actions. Yesterday, I exited my shares, but the app still showed them as present. This issue can be resolved.
Dhani Stocks:It ha truly revolutionized my trading experience and it is very useful application. The app runs smoothly without glitches. It is user-friendly interface, maximum features captured in minimum space. Highly recommended it!!
Dhani Stocks:This fast account opening is not seen anywhere. Account ready in one day. Start investing tomorrow! I really like the interface of the app. Yes, it's a bit overwhelming for beginners, but perfect for traders. All the features are so useful!...
Dhani Stocks:The Dhan app has a lots of people and user friendly interface design, it is very difficult to choose when it comes to investing hard earned money. Initially I also had little doubt about updated small with their performance & thus invested very small amount. However my thoughts were completely changed when I saw the performance with very high quality stocks. I was so impressed that not only I have invested more in my account but also took subscription in my wife & son's name.
Dhani Stocks:I really like to use dhan it has lots of features but here's some feedback to improve dhan app 1. Dhan doesn't show a Virtual Contract Note so when we are trading and executing orders we can see a total charges. Sometimes when wee see the spike in charges we wish to stop over trading. 2. Dhan apps UI is not smooth. it is like a webapp / server side app the transition is not fast and smooth. 3. Dhan doesn't show how much charge will apply when placing order it only shows the margin information
Dhani Stocks:This new update is so bad that even after market open I am unable to view my holdings and I need to check it over stocks and it gets completely complex. I am regretting why I have updated this app now. It is 10:30 in the morning and still couldn't see any holding on dhan and it is prompting to This feature is unavailable don't say restart the app clear cache and relogin I have already tried this several times but still facing this issue
Dhani Stocks:User interface is awesome!! Dhan continuously updates and introduces new features, demonstrating its commitment to provide an ideal trading experience. It is easy to use, efficient, and dependable, and it comes highly recommended to investors.
Dhani Stocks:I don't know who TH designed this app. Everything is good but any error that is showing while placing/modifying order or converting position is flashing only for few milliseconds. I can't even read why my I am not able to convert my position, i can only read a word thats it. Man let it appear for atleast few seconds so that i can take screenshot and read it, No?
Dhani Stocks:The default chart option frequently changes from Trading View to Chart IQ due to a broken biometric lock. This needs to be fixed right now. Furthermore, there are long wait periods for customer service. Notwithstanding these problems, the app functions rather well overall, offering a wide range of services on a single platform. Nevertheless, the contract notes are not supplied on the same trading day, coming either late or not at all, and the interface feels congested. Thanks
Dhani Stocks:The Dhan App has a ton of functionality and a visually appealing, user-friendly design. Still, there's room for development in terms of reporting profit and loss, reducing chart lag, and perhaps adding a landscape interface. Although users have a flawless experience trading stocks, accessing key functions is difficult due to the complex UI. To improve usability, the user interface must be made simpler and options to eliminate extraneous features must be provided. The overall usability is nice.
Dhani Stocks:Saved shorts goes Blank every time you switch to other app or minimize the app...it won't open untill you close the app and re open again.. It's very bad as we can stuck in trade and analysis......kindly Improve..
Dhani Stocks:It's really awesome and easy to use for simple quality of revenue. All the features available in the app are very beneficial and user friendly programme.I highly recommend it..
Dhani Stocks:The trading app is excellent, simple to use, and very user-friendly. The homepage displays the amount invested, the overall gain or loss. Highly recommended to all !!
Dhani Stocks:Over amazing!! While opening an account with Dhan is easy, there are some indicators and a screener missing from Tradingview on Dhans. There is still a problem where Tradingview charts vanish when the application is minimised and then reopened, necessitating a close and open of the app. Despite this, Dhan's trading interface is easy to use, with sophisticated features and dependable functionality. Dhan is a great option for traders because of its user-friendly design and extensive feature set.
Dhani Stocks:App is good but you have to work on smoothness of the app while using because it feels lagging most of the time when market opens,like mutual funds section is lags every time even if i have a good phone. So pls work on it as fast as possible. That's the reason I'll give 3 stars.
Dhani Stocks:Overall nice platform! To Team Dhan, A feature that dynamically links TSL trigger and limit would be fantastic, allowing adjustments to be made to one by a predetermined percentage. The user experience would be improved by this. I've been using the app for a year, and it's great. Among demat accounts, your real-time market news is exceptional and distinctive, which helps a lot of users. Please make all stocks eligible for this. Real-time insights and frictionless trading are guaranteed.
Dhani Stocks:There is a problem with the Dhan app that when we go to the option menu, we change the upper and lower options which keep the price in strike press. We want to work but it does not work on time, it runs very slowly.
Dhani Stocks:The app has some positive qualities, such as competitive brokerage rates and useful functionality for purchasing and selling stocks. Clients enjoy the competent guidance, simple navigation, and speedy transaction execution. However, the interface is crowded and lacks thoughtful design, resulting in a terrible user experience. Enhancements are required, such as streamlining the layout, adding a landscape view, and lowering chart latency. The tax PNL Report is substandard, with no date-specific.
Dhani Stocks:Team Dhan, I'd love to see a feature that allows the TSL trigger and limit function to be dynamically linked. Specifically, if I adjust one, the other would automatically adjust by the set percentage. Currently, changing one setting affects the other, but I believe this enhancement would improve the user experience.
Dhani Stocks:It's a nice platform but need to improve the lagging issue .I think it will be far better in next 1 year. Also,if you need to charge AMC to make the experience smooth and better,then charge.Some of the features of this app are great,very few brokers are offering that . So the moment ,this app solves it's lagging issue ,it's the best app . It was functioning well but now it's lagging while placing the basket order . It's not updating
Dhani Stocks:The Dhan app is admirable, but its user interface has to be simplified because it appears busy and lacks sensible design. Improving the user experience is critical. The app charges less brokerage than competitors, which is good. However, the Tax PNL Report is inadequate since it lacks date-specific scrip details, making tax filing difficult for CAs. The GTT option for selling equities requires the scrip in your account, which presents a challenge for swing traders. Otherwise nice platform.
Dhani Stocks:Hi sir. My issue and some peoples issue is in positions window there were no chart view option to open charts of running positions. We have to go to watchlist section for viewing charts. I think its time consuming. if you made some changes in app regarding charts showing in positions section then it will be better for users.
Dhani Stocks:Fantastic platform!! The Dhan App is highly user-friendly and has many useful features, however there is room for improvement in terms of updating the profit and loss (P&L) after placing a position, and the chart lags significantly. Otherwise, it's great. The game boasts excellent visuals, rapid growth, and reasonably priced packages, but the screen appears cluttered. A landscape UI/horizontal view could be useful. There are issues with characters not appearing or receiving a black screen.
Dhani Stocks:Great App!! It's ideal for taking advantage of immediate trading opportunities, with to features like Flash Trade on Dhan. The software excels in terms of functionality, performance, and customer service. Despite my initial negative experience, Dhan has greatly improved over the previous six months. The charting experience is significantly improved, and customer inquiries are rapidly answered. It caters to varied investment tastes by offering a wide range of investment options.
Dhani Stocks:This app is very awsome! This morning of tool is ideal for conversion and online marketing. However, which could be displayed in a pic chart for easier particulars, It's really awesome and easy to use for simple quality of revenue. I highly recommend it..
Dhani Stocks:Account opening is incredibly straightforward andpaperwork-free. Mira, the voice assistant, guideseffortlessly through the process. The app boasts anintuitive design, making it accessible to all, regardless offinancial market familiarity. Its Ul is sleek, fast, andminimalist, ensuring a user-friendly experience. Withexcellent
Dhani Stocks:Wonderful app great easy service. You haven't got service like this app Free forever.only 3 days i using this app. i think this is great app it wiil achive 1st position in near few month. i am extreamly surprised by your uptodate service stratigy. i giving you best thanks for your barcode loging' all in one in a app, easy steps. all clear view, app also very fast. very easy opening with out any hard document,
Dhani Stocks:Well organised!! The Dhan App is acclaimed for its user-friendly UI and various useful features, although users suggest improvements, such as updating profit and loss (P&L) after entering a position and reducing chart lag. Visuals are outstanding, growth is swift, and packages are competitively priced; nonetheless, the interface appears cluttered, and a horizontal view would be useful. Some users encounter character difficulties and dark screens. The app makes buying and selling stocks easy
Dhani Stocks:Dhan has exceeded my expectations as a trading app. The speed of order execution and the variety of features available are impressive. The user interface is intuitive and easy to navigate. Excellent customer support as well. Highly recommend this app.
Dhani Stocks:User interface is awesome!! Dhan continuously updates and introduces new features, demonstrating its commitment to provide an ideal trading experience. It is easy to use, efficient, and dependable, and it comes highly recommended to investors. The demo trading tool is especially important for practicing without risk and gaining confidence before investing real money. Despite some UI clutter, the sophisticated, feature-rich app demonstrates much effort. Dhan provides various functionality.
Dhani Stocks:This is an awesome game & the gameplay for graphics fast growth, packages are well priced and you get tons, just to much on screen there should be a draw back tab to open screen, if they did landscape Ul/ horizontal view everything would fit without overcross, but there was also there's major problems character don't show or you get a black screen, still its a new game plenty of room for adjustments great freaking game! Well deserves a 5 star ratings becomes. Thank you. Excellent app
Dhani Stocks:I am not saying that app is bad. The app is good. But on the other hand it has some glitches. Like it happened to me twice when I tried to exit all my position suddenly it has bought some stocks on its own and had converted my profit to huge losses. Or can say all my profit turned to loss which is a big wastage of time especially in terms of share market everyone is putting a lot of mind and money into it and if suddenly this kind of thing happens it is not acceptable at all.
Dhani Stocks:While continuously use for 7 hour the app my hang there is no space for exit or entry in trade options chain not opening may opened after 5 secends really worst experience i have been suffer losses so many times but the problem may still continue. Pls work on it. . I lost my big capital due to its lagging. This app doesn't work many time. My profit turned into loss because order didn't square off on single click i restarted app worked again. At last stop loss hitted gave big
Dhani Stocks:Wonderful app great easy service. You haven't got service like this app Free forever.only 3 days i using this app. i think this is great app it wiil achive 1st position in near few month. i am extreamly surprised by your uptodate service stratigy. i giving you best thanks for your barcode loging' all in one in a app, easy steps. all clear view, app also very fast. very easy opening with out any hard document
Dhani Stocks:The aap is quite good to see different charts at the same time but while selling a option sometime it doesn't work properly and order doesn't sell. And app smoothness and quickness must be improved otherwise it's good platform.
Dhani Stocks:Pretty bad for intraday. If you're trading on the charts using gocharting then you'll have to exit your position 15 seconds before you actually want to because that's how long it takes to exit. I've lost money just because it doesn't close your position on time when you exit orders on the chart. Came from groww but I am very disappointed. Might end up switching back. Edit: have withdrawn cash and gone back to groww, won't be able to trade on the charts but at least won't lose huge sums of money.
Dhani Stocks:Dhan web and mobile charts are too much lagging. I tried clearing cookies cache, reinstall and all, Even my internet speed is also great but after opening the chart for 30 min + they start lagging. It's been hell for options traders. I complained to them but of no use, zerodha works better. Due to lagging my orders are executed at top rather than the levels I clicked the button. Worst web and mobile charts
Dhani Stocks:It's really awesome and easy to use for simple quality of revenue. All the features available in the app are very beneficial and user friendly programme.I highly recommend it @
Dhani Stocks:It was a horrible experience using this app . today booked a big loss due to the app not executing orders I also sent mail for this along with screen shot no solution from there side . Go for some other apps rather than preferring dhan
Dhani Stocks:Everything was ok before installing this application but just after installing this application, I am geeting too many fraud calls. These calls are system generated calls for loan and spam. I recommend everyone not to install this application. I know their team will always deny from this but trust me guys, I bet you, you will definitely get the proof after installing this app.
Dhani Stocks:Its the worst app ever. Once in every month we see order glitches. Today i placed a order in Nifty 50 which in now stuck in the pending tab and doesnt get cancelled too. When I tried to call the support, it's busy for over 15 minutes. I hate this app
Dhani Stocks:Provide comprehensive market data for all investors ,it's a very useful application. It's simple interface display real time statistics, visual and update news!!
Dhani Stocks:Dhan is a user-friendly investment app with a clean interface, making stock trading accessible for beginners and experienced traders alike. It offers real-time market data and personalized insights to help make informed decisions. The app's seamless navigation and fast execution ensure a smooth trading experience !!
Dhani Stocks:I've tried other similar products, but Dhan stands out from the crowd! Their unique features and exceptional support make them the best in the business. Keep up the fantastic work@
Dhani Stocks:App interface is good, but working is slow means chart opening takes lot of time... Also in case of stocks its showing stock full name only not showing stock short name... So needs to add stock short name feature as well... Also there is NO HEATMAP available in the app
Dhani Stocks:Trading with Dhan is a breeze. Its user-friendly interface, advanced features, and reliable performance make it the perfect platform for traders of all levels!!
Dhani Stocks:Not a great user-friendly app by features, for example if you have to withdraw money, you get hardly 1 minute window to cancel the request and therevis no confirmation window before the request is submitted. The support team is as usual pathetic, they say 24 x 7 but no 24 x 7 support is available. SEBI should bring frame work on the features for each application especially on money deposit and withdrawal. Shall raise a complaint with SEBI too. Soon going to close my account. Useless wo support
Dhani Stocks:Hilarious glitches, app lags and it doesn't work properly, the chart shows in the app are different from the real time. This main issue lead to my major ! Showed some different price in the chart, and got settled at different price of the Market, where in according to the chart of this app, the market did not even went nearby to that price !
Dhani Stocks:User friendly layout , maximum features captured in minimum space. Great experience !! Please add Bonus, Split History under Fundamentals, it will be all insights in one page.
Dhani Stocks:I recently started using [Dhani: Share Market App], and I must say it has exceeded my expectations. The user interface is intuitive, making navigation a breeze for both novice and experienced traders.
Dhani Stocks:very bad experience with this app. it hangs maximum time while using it. Taks too many time to process the order. takes too much time to open required page. no need for separate future summary, option summary. it should be in single tab.
Dhani Stocks:App interface is very good looking and have some very good features. You can add only 10 stocks in one basket that one think they must improve.rest all is well.
Dhani Stocks:The little animations in the app make it so interactive. The animation of bull runs in the screen update is so innovative. Good job on designing the app.
Dhani Stocks:Charges are good even better than market competitors but don't like the interface at all. There are ton of features available but please make your UI simple and clean.
Dhani Stocks:I have an issue with android phones, when I open the chart for the first time it loads but when I reopen the chart it doesn't load. I had to relaunch the app. This creates a lot of problems when I go to the bush. Kindly fix it asap, Thanks.
Dhani Stocks:There is a lot of lag when trading from the app.Those who want to catch the problem of this app, just use it once. Multiple problems will catch your eye. Dear dhan, Must write motivational songs for marketing. But before that fix the app for existing customers.
Dhani Stocks:Just amazing!! Dhan fixes small lags after updates and provides advanced functionality not available on other platforms. Its features, performance, and first-rate customer assistance make it one of the best trading apps I've ever used, and it trades quickly. The software is useful for those in urgent need of money because it makes processing loans quick and simple and requires no paperwork. Due to Dhan's availability beyond market hours, investors can easily manage their portfolios.
Dhani Stocks:Every thing is good but Chart takes too much time to display even it does not display until I close and reopen the App. I really very excited to trade in Dhan App but can't start until chart displaying time does not resolve.
Dhani Stocks:Charts load fast, orders are placed quickly , and navigation is simple.Great experience overall.||
Dhani Stocks:Junio is a great learning tool if you want to teach your children about the importance of money. The task feature in this app is made for exactly this. You give task to your children and give them pocket money when they do the tasks. Great app.
Dhani Stocks:I saw a major problem in the app, problem is glitch, App doesn't react on my actions sometimes and it can be bad for other who are buying or selling for both because Yesterday I did exit my shares even after that app was showing my shares are still there, so take a look on this glitch issue because most of the people did lose because of the glitch issue.
Dhani Stocks:Nice platform!! With its user-friendly UI and fast order execution, the Dhan app has completely revolutionised my trading experience. Its advanced features, like as after-market orders, extensive TradingView charts, and a variety of order types, including iceberg orders and lightning trades, make trading easier. The Forever Order with OCO feature provides a safety net for investors. Customer service is consistently good. Whether you're new or seasoned, Dhan stands out for its great features.
Dhani Stocks:I was not able to close my winning position and went into loss. I clicked exit all positions, but it didn't execute. The biggest profit of my life turned into loss Please simplify your app. Too much unnecessary options.
Dhani Stocks:Today I used this app first time for option trading and I am saying this very genuinely that this is most third class app for option trading. This app is too much laggy. I lost 7000 rs just because of this app when I was in profit it was not showing that position amd suddenly it was appeared with loss. Very very slow app. Guys never use this app, I am telling you this very seriously. Third class developer of this app.
Dhani Stocks:Charts load tooo slow plus every time u leave app the chart takes around 3-4 seconds to load. This is my only problem but big enough to leave this app. Not like my phone is slow it's s23 ultra. So processing is not the problem.
Dhani Stocks:It's very hard to navigate as there is too much information everywhere. For trading , you need a good UI which is where the app is lacking. just give necessary info on the main page!!
Dhani Stocks:While continuously use for 30 min the app my hang there is no space for exit or entry in trade options chain not opening may opened after 5 secends really worst experience i have been suffer losses so many times but the problem may still continue. Pls work on it.
Dhani Stocks:First I have rated 5 star for many available features, but now I am facing a big problem of settlement. No proper notification, no pending section. Very hard to get information what is happening. This is a very big problem I think. Should settle this problem as early as possible. Customer support is a big issue here. They debited 4300 rupees without notification and Customer support is showing closed.
Dhani Stocks:Need to improve more, time wasting interface, unwanted information, if you want to reach at any graph then you have to touch about 5 times from start of app. For mobile user , it is very time taking and very frustrating.
Dhani Stocks:Your application looking to much complicated. and many more unwanted things are in your application. So please fix it and make it clean your application. Make your application interface looking good and interesting and remove unwanted things. Thank
Dhani Stocks:Not sure if Dhan will appeal to beginners, as it has great features but the interface is a bit confusing. For traders, this app is a treat!""
Dhani Stocks:"Your app offers a seamless and intuitive experience, making trading and portfolio management efficient. The user interface is clean, and the integration of essential tools is well-executed.
Dhani Stocks:No customer service. How can someone connect to them there's lot option to connect none of them work, pathetic app. After i resolved my problem I'm going to uninstall this app permanently.
Dhani Stocks:My Personal experience is great the app itself is well-designed and runs smoothly. Its pretty solid.
Dhani Stocks:App is full of information and very distracting... User interface should be simple and easy to understand,I think they have made it complicated..
Dhani Stocks:- for removing features from tv.dhan.co - previously chart window can be resized when multiple charts have been opened -now those are all fixed sizes - chart window resizing is very helpful when trying to get a slightly bigger chart compared to others
Dhani Stocks:The Dhan trading app impresses with its seamless user experience, low brokerage fees, and advanced trading features. Its real-time market data, fast execution, and customizable tools make it a standout platform for both novice and expert traders, ensuring efficient and effective trading@
Dhani Stocks:Dhan app is in use since 2022. It has many new and interesting features for trading and investing. I recommend this app to anyone who wants to start their investment journey.!!
Dhani Stocks:All are good except one thing!! Even I put biometric finger print lock, anybody can open my Dhan app if there is a notification..!!!(Mobile unlocked condition) It's poor please reply.
Dhani Stocks:Mutual funds UI looks premium, despite being a newly added featue. Impressive. Can easily explore funds in clicks"""
Dhani Stocks:Very awesome .This trading of tool is ideal for particular management and online marketing. However the training of features is a game changer for automated monthly contributing.@
Dhani Stocks:User interface is awesome!! All the features available in the app are very beneficial and user friendly programme thank you !!
Dhani Stocks:The interface is very bad it is not easy to understand the app UI and how to operate it. It is not user-friendly at all.
Dhani Stocks:The app does not allow to place GTT order of the shares bought/sold on the same day. It's UI is very laggy. Need lots of improvement.
Dhani Stocks:Worst application funds debited from the account and not credited in the application. Their application is not working in the morning time 6:30 am. Also their support agents are big liers.
Dhani Stocks:Verry awesome! This trending of tool is ideal for particuler managmant and online markating. However, the trending of feature is a game changer for automated monthley contributing
Dhani Stocks:Kindly provide multiple trendline break alerts ( specially for inclined trendline break alerts.) I am giving suggestion for this from last 2 years but no update is coming for it.
Dhani Stocks:Recently downloaded this app. I can see many new features. They allow 1000 stocks for watchlist. This I believe is pretty good.
Dhani Stocks:This app provides a robust platform for trading stocks with real-time data and advanced tools. It's designed for both beginners and experienced traders, offering a seamless and efficient trading experience to ensure smooth process
Dhani Stocks:This appvis user friendly and lots of people visually appealing. For best nevigate about yr stocks, mutual fund etc. If ucr intrested to make proper portfolio pls use this app. And best thing is u can use UPI payment option for payment!!
Dhani Stocks:Liked many features in dhan but Using this app in the tab is irritating experience Everytime I change the tab the between portrait to landscape modes app restarts automatically
Dhani Stocks:I've had an excellent experience trading directly from TradingView through the Dhan app. It's wonderful to see this level of convenience and functionality available in India. Keep it up, Dhan!...
Dhani Stocks:Five stars and I would like to mention Prateek from customer care. He helped me out with an issue I was facing and called me kept guiding me patiently. I haven't experienced such helpful support anywhere else.
Dhani Stocks:The Dhan app is a treasure for traders and investors. With its advanced tools and real-time updates, I feel confident making trades. I wouldnt trade without it.
Dhani Stocks:This is very helpful and highly recommendable application but not Only that also gives a smooth experience with easy to use interface
Dhani Stocks:According to me its a very good trading/investing platform with regular feature and functionality upgrades. Sometimes takes time to load
Dhani Stocks:Horrible App. When I set Stop loss. And then I get for exit, trade not exicuted it is pending. After cancel Stop loss order then I exit from trade. Plz solve this.....
Dhani Stocks:Dhan app's advanced trading tools like Flash Trade, Advanced Option Chain are very good. Its interface is also very good for new traders. Cheers to Dhan...
Dhani Stocks:Very convenient App for option trading, just loved it. Looking for an app to option trading? Go for it. You'll not regret..
Dhani Stocks:There are over 1,000 stocks in the spotlight, so all my favorites are conveniently located in one place. Great app for stock enthusiasts!!
Dhani Stocks:I am using zerodha kite app for almost 4 years now, thought I will give it a try for dhan knowing that, we can use premium version of trading view for free.. but I am not able to use trading view premium even after connecting to dhan and depositing fund. tried contacting the support did not work, I am not able connect with dhan in any way.. frustrated... and also it is not user friendly as zerodha.. do not recommend
Dhani Stocks:I am using two days for trading this functionality is very poor. User Interface is more confusing for new traders. So quit this app.
Dhani Stocks:Trading view chart dissappear automatically each time the app minimized and reopened Same problem started again after app update...same problem started again trading view chart became blank each time the app is minimized and reopened. I have to close the app and opened every time...
Dhani Stocks:One of the smoothest account opening experience ever. Dhans Tradingview does not have all indicators and doesnt have screener. jfyi. So that smoothness is not there yet. Have to still do trading. but account opening was smooth.
Dhani Stocks:Absolutely amazing. Very fast. Useful features. Good UI. Minimum lags.!!
Dhani Stocks:The app is far too cluttered with information, making it overwhelming to navigate. The UI lacks simplicity, making it difficult to find essential features amidst the clutter. There's a pressing need for a simplified interface with the option to remove unwanted components. This overhaul is crucial for improving user experience and usability.
Dhani Stocks:Can you please provide the TSL(Trailing stoploss) feature in delivery trade like Upstrox, (i using upstrox mostly for this feature only) if dhan provided this feature, we are all completely shifted towards dhan.
Dhani Stocks:Very nice interface. Best application great trading features. I really like this app. Dhan app is user-friendly. @
Dhani Stocks:Your new version on dhan on chart is very bakwas. It's not even running. Can you guys please look at it. Or if it's staying like this. I think I will be not using its dhan app on mobile from now. Chart is not going up or down.
Dhani Stocks:Hopefully my last review. This app has been great, though there are some issues like the heavy UI and premium slippages. It'd be awesome if there was an option to disable the fancy glass and animations in the UI to speed things up. Seems like the slippage issue is more a stock exchange problem than a broker one, so not much can be done about it. Even after setting a stop loss, my position always closes out 3-5 seconds late, which is frustrating.
Dhani Stocks:The charts are lightning-fast, and being able to open 5 charts at once on the mobile app is a game-changer.@
Dhani Stocks:Dear Dhan team, your app working is good but please make solutions for one thing.when one time screen off or not using a app then that is not asking for biometric again or password.For app security purpose must important if One time screen off or not using then ask biometric again.please take this thing priority level.
Dhani Stocks:The app becomes Choppy when placed a big quantity in option trading and also responds very slowly and starts to hang.The charts and option chain gets choppy and hangs. Please look into it team. I have occurred some losses because of the same. One suggestion also, Whenever there's error like "the order is failed" for example a "STOPLOSS", it should POP OUT on screen.Because we don't come to know unless we see it in the "orders" section. I occured loss because i thought the Stoploss is Punched.
Dhani Stocks:This app nice app. This app excellent. Quick account opening and login is very easy and simple, Responsive customer support !!
Dhani Stocks:It is a very useless app, it consumes a lot of money from our fund , it has brokerage to account and withdrawal, it consumes very charges if you request your 10k amount they gives only 9700 rest they eat and it consumes a lot of time and charges,very bad application plz don't use
Dhani Stocks:Super easy to easy and looks great on the site. :) loving it. If you're looking for a quick solution this is it
Dhani Stocks:All of sudden app has started to lag too much many times during the day, even the live prices are not updated correctly in market depth.You have given some useless options and have made app too much clutteredand heavy. please it is a request ask ur product team to design app more user friendly rather than showing too many options and confusing the user. Rather than posting fake paid reviews please take this review and all other negative reviews as constructive feedback.
Dhani Stocks:Please add step up SIP option for mutual funds and also capital wise allocation diagram like how much a fund investment in large, mid and small. Now we can see only holdings of these. Please add overall diagram to understand better.
Dhani Stocks:This app is a game-changer! User-friendly interface, robust features, and excellent customer support make it my top choice. !!
Dhani Stocks:"Quickly open acct" is only a trap. For me it is 4th day and acct is still pending. The app is also forced on us. This is an App only platform. App also looks very poor. Looks like I made a wrong decision to go with these people.definitely there are better players in the market.
Dhani Stocks:App as such is good. The tax PNL Report is bad.there is no proper date wise (entry and exit dates) scrip details.This is cumbersome for CA and tax filing.other brokers are providing it. The GTT feature for sell side in equity needs scrip in your account.difficult for swing traders relying on gtt for entry and exit.
Dhani Stocks:A year of using this app, and it still stands as the best. No problems encountered thus far. The team asked for a review, giving it a 5 star
Dhani Stocks:If we leave the app in background for 1-2 minutes then the chart does not run in background. This problem was not there earlier. This has happened due to an update some time back. Please fix it as soon as possible.
Dhani Stocks:I pay your monthly subscription for data API , from the first day I received incorrect data from dhan API and continuously communicate with them with supporting documents, initially they try convince me to do the same job again and after that they inform me to wait since they face some issues and currently don't respond. Either refund my money or extend my subscription until you are capable of providing correct data to your customer for which you take that payment.
Dhani Stocks:Quick account opening, simple interface - perfect for the investor who searches a lot. Dhan, you rock!...
Dhani Stocks:The service is prompt that too at zero rs maintenance ""Lokal News is the most reliable source for local news. Highly recommended @
Dhani Stocks:very complicated ui, and there are no online services to account closing and most of the time withdrawal is blocked, now i need money urgently but withdrawal is blocked in dhan app
Dhani Stocks:I previously applied for IPO from another broker but now the experience has been so good since I started using Dhan. Applying for an IPO has never been easier. Thanks to the team...
Dhani Stocks:Best App To Do Trading and Investment. No Other App Can Provide Such A Great Experience On Mobile. You Can Place Orders, StopLoss, etc. on same chart without going back or somewhere else. Its Web Version For PC Is Also Awesome.
Dhani Stocks:No Indian trading or market app offers this persistent alerts feature and none do alerts as reliably either. On the phone app an alerts button on the bottom menu will really make it even better for setting and modifying alerts.
Dhani Stocks:After update dhan is sufer fast. All the features available in the app are very beneficial and user-friendly programme
Dhani Stocks:Trading with Dhan is a pleasure. Its user-friendly interface, comprehensive features, and efficient performance make it a standout platform in the trading world !!
Dhani Stocks:Can u make this application minimal there are many things which are repetitive and there is one hell of info try reducing it to some other app it's so confusing
Dhani Stocks:The Dhan app is a great financial platform that provides users with personal loans, savings options, insurance, and investment opportunities. Its user-friendly interface and excellent user experience have made it popular among its users. However, some users have expressed concerns about privacy and technical issues. Overall, the Dhan app is a decent option for accessing a variety of financial services, but users should be mindful of privacy and technical aspects before fully relying on it
Dhani Stocks:I faced a problem with this app, I tried to exit position at market price, but it doesn't exited, it popped up a message like, order rejected or order sent to exchange type, only when it hit stopless its get exited, request to Dhan team to resolve this issue.
Dhani Stocks:"User-friendly interface, reliable performance, real-time updatesideal for active traders seeking efficiency and convenience."
Dhani Stocks:Excellent App for trading. Till date not found any discrepancies. It would be better if an option chain button plotted at the bottom of chart screen.
Dhani Stocks:Problem in Android Plz fix these issues 1.) -The chart does not open when clicked. -It opens only when the background is removed and reopened. 2.) -After some time The time frame panel does not scroll down when changing the time frame. 3.) -There is no option to remove the buy or sell buttons. -This causes the chart screen to become smaller. -The margins at the top and bottom are also too large.
Dhani Stocks:Best app cause it provide evry great trading feature. You can literally drag and drop trade , target and stoploss on chart and also you can see your p/l live on chart which make your decision better.
Dhani Stocks:Very good interface but its takes long time to open option chain on chart. Very useful and simple use for option trading in dhan app in mobile.
Dhani Stocks:Worst experience, plateform is good sometimes chart lags but ok it is manageable but your costomer service is worst of there is -5 star i would definitely give you -5 star some times my fund shows in negative every time I try connect to costomer service no one responded, like what the hell is this ? Do you really care about your clients ? Today all of my suddenly showing zero rupees and no one is there to pick call.
Dhani Stocks:There is no profit and if there is, then Half of the profit is booked and the position is not cut in the profit. The position is cut only when you incur a huge loss. This stop loss order slips. The stop loss order does not work.
Dhani Stocks:Lot of confusion arises for client, while trading with margins. It shows the "funds available" for withdrawal. Though our ledger is in debit. Now a days i feel the quality of service is deteriorated.
Dhani Stocks:Unnecessary deduction of money from my margin and you can't keep a track also as of where it has been deducted. They charged 84 rupees without any execution of order.
Dhani Stocks:Love the customizable watchlists and alerts feature. Keeps me updated without constant checking
Dhani Stocks:The Safe & Trusted stock market app with Advanced Features, Fast Order Execution, Seamless Charts, Simple UI, and Helpful Customer Support.@
Dhani Stocks:I genuinely like the UI of this app, makes it really easy to understand trading and this works great without having any glitch and buffers.
Dhani Stocks:1 no ka 3rd class app hai.... Slow to entry... lag to exit... They only spend money on advertising nothing else. I shift from Upstock to Dhan... and it is my biggest mistake... lost money because of this 3rd class app... was very much profitable on upstock.... Please don't use dhan...
Dhani Stocks:It's good application for trading. It's easy to trade for beginner people. I'm also use this application earn more frofit !!
Dhani Stocks:App is eating battery very soon, not at all battery friendly. You guys are working for dhan wifi but concentrate on battery optimization first. On an average of 1 hour of app usage, 22% is used by this app. Any updates regarding this.
Dhani Stocks:The dhan App has a ton of functionality and a visually appealing user friendly design still there room for development in trems of reporting profits and loss redcing..
Dhani Stocks:O% customer care support... Be aware when you come to open a ac. Here.. Ac. Is not working.. I added money in this but unable to purchase a stock and money is stuck in app.. Dont know what to do cause customer care is not supported with dhan
Dhani Stocks:Dhan has been a good trading platform for me since the day I downloaded the app. There is no lag, no crashes, no bugs till date.
Dhani Stocks:Dear Dhan your app is cool for traders but it's too lagging to operate i am using flagship phone but it's still lagging, i try another app like angel one buttery smooth performance hope you listen our words optimize your app as soon as possible
Dhani Stocks:App is good but some function is not working properly just like trailing stop loss if price go to upper direction then this functionality work but price down then trigger limit not working properly some time trigger but some time not working properly and made huse loss
Dhani Stocks:Recently after update of the app, the ledger statement is not correctly showing the running cash balance. Plz check it and rectify the bug.
Dhani Stocks:app is good. I like the sync feature between pc and mobile. there needs to have option Greek feature in the app.
Dhani Stocks:To view the p&l on any particular day, we need yo depend on email while others show the p&l amount on screen. Pivot points missing in options charts for BSE and commodity. Dont know why?
Dhani Stocks:It is so confusing ... When user places a new order and the list of stocks in portfolio, you have to navigate so much to see. It should be side by side. When are you guys going to simplify it? Portfolio and position should be side by side.
Dhani Stocks:Creating orders saves time and reverse order is also possible! Fast KYC process  Hassle-free and fast. Great introductory experience.||
Dhani Stocks:Advanced option chain is so good on Dhan app. Trading from option chain is a different experience Much recommended for traders.""""
Dhani Stocks:Need much more improvements in UI, interface and overall experience. More transparency is also needed in terms of charges. Everthing should be clear upfront on screen while placing an order. Which unfortunately isnt till date! Reduce app glitches! More improvements needed!
Dhani Stocks:There is a problem in charts drawing while opening other screen there is no sync process and due to which I am doing the same drawing in other as well
Dhani Stocks:Very slow app, i had sent so many mails but no response from your side. Finally switched to Zerodha
Dhani Stocks:Dhan app offers a sleek interface with comprehensive trading features its intuitive design makes navigation seamless for both beginners and experienced
Dhani Stocks:In the digital age, Dhan is still living traditionally. I want to remove my secondary bank account. For that, I have to print and fill out the form, send it via email, and after verification, I need to send it to Dhan's head office address through courier. On the other hand, with Zerodha, I only need to enter an OTP, and it's done.
Dhani Stocks:If notes option is added below every stock in watchlist then it will be very helpfull to trade. Hope this will be added asap
Dhani Stocks:Dhan: Stock Market Trading App is an excellent tool for investors. It offers a seamless trading experience with a user-friendly interface, real-time market updates, and comprehensive analysis tools. Perfect for both beginners and seasoned traders looking to manage their investments efficiently. Highly recommended for anyone involved in the stock market
Dhani Stocks:Mobile user interface is not very good.. Please improve the user interface
Dhani Stocks:This app lags a lot unable to book a trade or allowing us to exit a trade which due to which i am suffering loss. Also the charts cant be read properly, price fluctuations happens little late. Request you to fix this
Dhani Stocks:The service on Dhan is excellent, and it is user-friendly and efficient, offering a seamless experience with intuitive navigation.
Dhani Stocks:Nice app yrr but plz improve now chart system because from last 10 15 days when I use to draw a trend line then right is good to draw but when it's comes to left side then it's move very fast and not put at a point where I want to put plz yr fixed it
Dhani Stocks:Everything is good about this app But i think a few improvements needed 1. Charts needs to loaded faster 2. Drag and drop stoploss, pls improve it is not working
Dhani Stocks:Giving 5 star just because they must have invested high effort in building such detailed, feature rich app. I am long term zerodha user and i like kite interface a lot but i also miss some of the features there. There is definitely a scope of making mobile ui less cluttered in dhan but i think it will take time for both users and ux designer to find a middle ground.
Dhani Stocks:Not able to enable biometric. Customer service don't reply in chat. I called them. Not picking up called and when picked up no answer. Worst app. Hard to log in. Every time OTP required. Uninstalling it.
Dhani Stocks:Hye Dhan Team, I was using your application since last 3 months and I am fustrated from your login system everytime it is asking for password and otp both instead of 6 digits pin , there should be an authentication option of only pin type authentication . can you provide this feature to me I am very helpful if you consider my query. Thanks
Dhani Stocks:Dhan very easy to use but need upgrade the features regarding the user friendly tab related to the stock selection If want buy any stock need to search this I didn't use dhan web and the web feature I don't know. It's need to upgrade the tab feature in mobile application to stock related which stock most buyed top gainers top looser Stock selection in is what's is the stock is related like other stock applications. Thank you
Dhani Stocks:There are many things to improve upon immediately. 1. Option chain must appear on candle stick pattern of the stock/index. 2. GTT orders option is missing in stock options. 3. Bye/sell option must be available on charts of all the options.
Dhani Stocks:Can't add multiple option strikes to basket at once on the option chain. A bulk selection feature would be much faster for creating strategies.
Dhani Stocks:Good, feels cluttered with so many features and not so user friendly design. There's no pause option for mutual fund SIP.
Dhani Stocks:Not made for Tablet use, good for PCs use only. Developer should work on tablet friendly UI, otherwise you are going to loose Customers. That's for sure!
Dhani Stocks:61. "Dhan app is excellent! Easy to use, reliable, and has fantastic features. Makes investing straightforward and efficient. Highly recommend."
Dhani Stocks:I brought some shares with mtf. Now I wish to covert it to delivery. When I click on convert mtf to delivery, it just loads but nothing happens, no error message also. Wish there was some message atleast so that at i could take actions accordingly
Dhani Stocks:Everything is good!! Please add alert function on charts for price and technical indicators.
Dhani Stocks:Good Platform to trade on chart... Chart loading is very poor with mobile application...most of the times charts don't even load showing some error case.
Dhani Stocks:The perks of being on Dhan is, you sell your order now and it will place your order after 40-50 sec, or it is sent to exchange and it might even take 2- 3 mins. This is happening to me for the 8th time and i made a lot of losses just because of this glitch
Dhani Stocks:"I've been using for a few months now and I'm thoroughly impressed with its user-friendly interface and real-time market data. The app's charting tools too
Dhani Stocks:Don't use this app, every day my amount is getting debited and all of sudden 56000 got debited, no Customer care is responding well. I lost so much amount request every one not to install and loose money.
Dhani Stocks:worst app when i use this for see chart patterns of shares after minimize this app to seen something else and go back to dhan app the chart is not visible. to seen chart u exited the app and again sign on and then list all your chart which you listed
Dhani Stocks:"Fantastic app! Dhan makes investing straightforward and efficient. User-friendly interface and great features. Highly recommend to all."
Dhani Stocks:This provides a user-friendly interface for trading with a wide range of options. Its reliability and unique features make it a standout choice among trading apps.,
Dhani Stocks:my phone have curved display, in dhan interface chart editing tools are in side slides. it is very difficult to manage. so i request to dhan team please shift chart editing tool to another place, so person who have curved display mob, can easily used that
Dhani Stocks:Slow app. Customer Support is GOOD. Needed Features for traders but slow and sluggish app. Not that much user friendly app.
Dhani Stocks:I have faced this issue many times. I have to exit all orders at once; I cannot exit a single order, which leads to losses. Koun se broker me aisa hota hai M+C ,Moreover, it does not exit at the target or exact stop loss, and it doesn't buy or sell at the exact limit order. This is an issue with the Dhan app. This is the worst broker. Nothing is systematic. New trader ke liye ye broker nhi hai app professional hoge to bhi loss hoga kyuki limit order me buy nhi hoga stopp loss pe exit nhi hoga.
Dhani Stocks:Not able to save layout. Getting prompt "size more than 5mb" but no indicator on chart . Just three charts only. No customer support
Dhani Stocks:Too much lagging UI not loading fastly, lagging when we open option chain, not loading when internet is little bit slow, finally worst app.
Dhani Stocks:The Dhan app has lots of people and visually appealing and user friendly interface is good design !!
Dhani Stocks:High transaction costs and too many hidden charges. Scammy activities, Warning users! Don't fall for paid reviews, you would regret for wasting time on this scammy platform. There are much better alternatives.
Dhani Stocks:I like the Dhan app the most because of its user-friendly interface, efficient trading features, and comprehensive market analysis tools. The app likely provides me with real-time data, seamless transaction experiences, and valuable insights that aid in making informed trading decisions.
Dhani Stocks:Worst recent experience, you will have to try atleast 6 to 10 times to square of your position. Scalper mode is Getting worse to worst, going to uninstall the app. You are going to see your profit into losses everytime you trade on dhan app.
Dhani Stocks:Dhan is a user-friendly trading app with real-time updates, advanced tools, seamless execution, and excellent educational resources. Highly recommended!
Dhani Stocks:Pretty good and clean UI. I haven't started using it fully, so I will update my review after couple of months.
Dhani Stocks:Update with widget so can enable us to view easily on mobile screen our portfolio... Hi.. one of best demat app. All in one place.. update with FII DII INVESTOR AND PROMOTERS as well companys business area.. and what is business.. in brief 20.25 lines... State wide, national n international ...can help to invest... Update with widget so can enable us to view easily on mobile screen our portfolio...
Dhani Stocks:Installed the app, after registration not able to login to the app again. Keep looping between login and password screens. Strangely getting password screen first and then login mobile number page.
Dhani Stocks:Seems Gaudy not as simple as the other leader broker in India. Too much animation & Visually appealing layout; prone to stuttering.
Dhani Stocks:App is very good. Everything is fine but i think when question is activate F&O then i think 10000 rs transaction option have any value or rights. Please change this segment
Dhani Stocks:Please improve the app stability when I use mora than 30 to 45 minutes it's lag and this app can't run same type like when I open first then I clear the app and after restart it's working so please fixed it
Dhani Stocks:Crezyy crezyy application for trader, investor nd more. Smoothly executed the trade and that amazing feature, you can see the live pnl on chart as well as the scalper button really helpful.
Dhani Stocks:The real-time market data and customizable alerts are invaluable for staying ahead of market moves!!
Dhani Stocks:The app offers job search tips and best practices. Its a great resource for both new and experienced job seekers.
Dhani Stocks:The simple and straightforward interface is perfect for beginners...
Dhani Stocks:Can you please work on the search function as iy is not working properly. Even after giving scrip code and strike it is not working
Dhani Stocks:Iceberg and basket orders simplify complex trades. They also make it easy of traders to place orders systematically.
Dhani Stocks:I love how intuitive the Dhan trading app is! It makes trading stocks so easy even for beginners like me The realtime updates and smooth interface make managing my investments a breeze
Dhani Stocks:Some where app hang problem found like if we took tarde after that premium not show up and down movement thatvis very disappointed.
Dhani Stocks:This app is best and good Either you are of very good little use or it is not a fraud on you, that's why you can scan the app log, thank you..
Dhani Stocks:Dhan app user - friendly interface has made trading a seamless expression for me . It,s simplicity at its best ||
Dhani Stocks:I have been using the Dhan app for a while now, and I must say I am thoroughly impressed. The interface is very user-friendly, and it offers a wide range of financial services such as personal loans, savings options, insurance, and investment opportunities. I find the app incredibly convenient and efficient. The loan approval process was quick and hassle-free. I would highly recommend the Dhan app to anyone looking for a reliable and comprehensive financial platform
Dhani Stocks:Everything okay but the live chart is 3 sec delay from others like angel etc. I request that as it's made especially for traders 3 sec is a very big pblm
Dhani Stocks:When I exit the app and open the app again, the chart gone totally blank After update now it's running fine.
Dhani Stocks:Most of features working fine only app don't ask for biometric authentication even after 8 hr of last closing. Need improvement in this feature.
Dhani Stocks:App is worst class whenever running in background it stay there itself when it was minmize, this lead to slow execution of orders. Where as zerodha works fine even in low network. But dhan even not properly work in when there is full network. Faltu app. Very slow to respond to network. Doesn't matter how many times you update the app, background running is stil the problem. Zerodha is best
Dhani Stocks:App is good ...but Its very very disappointing when it doesn't open or work at crucial moments ....damn might face loss... Damn you app : The money is being withdrawn for 2 days straight.... Damn man!! If It take 30hours + just for a single withdrawal... i don't think This app is a good choice Even If it provide no delivery charge... I shall shift to other app if its still showing withdraw ongoing tomorrow also.. I have an important one... soo disappointing...
Dhani Stocks:DHAN IS A GREAT APP. BUT I THINK BETTER THINGS IS MORE IMPORTANT THEN MANY THINGS YOU HAVE. ITS better to provide lot feature but with that its very important to make running feature more better. From few days features are adding regularly but quality is going down. Please check it. And A suggestion please provide a chart option seperatly like TRADING VIEW for faster chart load
Dhani Stocks:This app features are awesome. It provides every details for analysis.  UI feels premium but it's very heavy. Team Please make it little simple.  In F&O, when i exit the trade, position still shows active and not able to exit. At the end i have to trail the stoploss to book the profits. I faced this thing many times.
Dhani Stocks:Worst app ever. It's been 10 days now, I have opened my account and till then it's showing under verification. Even no support is provided. Haven't received any mail or message regarding this. From the customer support team I am getting only one message since yesterday saying "Your concern has been forwarded to the team. We kindly request your patience as we await an update. Once the status is updated, we will respond to you via email/chat." I would suggest not to open account on this app.
Dhani Stocks:The app is commendable, but its UI requires simplification; it feels cluttered and lacks thoughtful design. Enhancing the user experience is essential, as it currently falls short in this aspect. Additionally, the app's brokerage is less compared to its competitors which is a good thing.
Dhani Stocks:It's a Developer Friendly UI instead of User Friendly UI, Some of your Options/Sections : for example Flash Trade Section Buys something Accidentally while Swiping Left to Right Side, Which Accidentally buys something we have to pay for it, I guess you built it to happen Accidental Buys ! Please Remove minor Bugs such as Chart Doesn't Open unless we clear the app from Recent Apps, Price Variation is not as accurate as you claim, Don't Forget you entered Here to Stop Corruption not to be One !
Dhani Stocks:The information is given in this app is very useful, but lot's and lot's of bugs, I have faced a very worst experience while executing trades and am not able to invest in mutual fund. While am clicking the invest now option nothing will happen, I have tried since last week, even am using the updated version, I don't know why, please fix this issue.
Dhani Stocks:I am using this app for analysis mainly for 75min and 125min chart. However I need multi time frame settinga for moving averages as we get in tradingview. Could you please let me know that setting if already there or please try to add that feature in next update as this is one of the beautiful feature which will be helpful for analysis.
Dhani Stocks:The Dhan App is very user-friendly and has many useful features. However, there is an issue with updating the profit and loss (P&L) after taking a position, and the chart lags significantly. Please address these issues. Otherwise, the Dhan App is awesome.
Dhani Stocks:I recently tried applying stop loss to some of my trades but it's really disappointing to see that the order gets executed immediately at the trigger price instead of the limit price which I have already assigned. Many times I have faced this issue, so thought of bringing this issue into notice. If someone can help me then it would be really helpful.
Dhani Stocks:Please add option for entry price with trigger in bracket order, now no option in bracket order need to place a entry in certain price range break.. ( if entry is greater than current price) . Please update
Dhani Stocks:User interface is good looking but providing details wrong details it's may be late UI is lagging may be .
Dhani Stocks:App is not working properly. When i open chart, chart is not showing. Only white screen appears on screen.
Dhani Stocks:There is no bracket order option in dhan I am really disappointed. Earlier I used hdfc securities in hdfc bracket order option not available, so one of my friends suggested dhan but after downloading dhan i realise no such options available.
Dhani Stocks:Loved this app in the beginning. Then they made annoying changes causing overcomplicated UX and bugs. To the point every attempt using the app ended up frustrated and not getting what I came for. E.g. added auto text scroll. Why is it needed? No more offline reading on the train and resetting last read/paused position to the beginning pretty often. Browsing experience is bad, I get more irrelevant"picked for you" than the ability to browse. I cancelled my subscription today, too frustrating
Dhani Stocks:It's just amazing this app is the epitome of trading the new version includes dhan wifi feature this is the most awaited feature for this app in a very long time
Dhani Stocks:I've been using Dhan for a while now, and the app's navigation is incredibly smooth and seamless!...
Dhani Stocks:The clear ui makes navigation easy. the trading tools in the app are extremely nice!!
Dhani Stocks:Overall app is good with required features for trading. Please reduce font size and all add more colours theme.
Dhani Stocks:Overall good app, I think if there is one more function is available in app then this app is best, and that is analyser, other app provides this feature in app, but dhan provide this features in only web.
Dhani Stocks:Dhan's customer service team is always there to assist me whenever I need help - prompt and efficient. Trading on Dhan is a breeze - smooth execution and real-time insights make all the difference.
Dhani Stocks:Not for beginners. Very slow app. Don't trade easy. For opening app you want otp ( for generate OTP take a time) So maney future they are not useful.
Dhani Stocks:This is the best broking app in india i must recommend every trader for those who wants smooth interface especially for scalpers everything is easily available on chart
Dhani Stocks:In my opinion it is the best app for trading and the best part is there is very fast and hassle free KYC which gives you the best orientation experience.
Dhani Stocks:Want a safe and trusted stock market aap with Advance Features, fast order execution, seamless charts, and helpful customer support!!
Dhani Stocks:Nice app for stock market all features but some glitches are occurring in trading some times that's not good for trading.. overall good better to improve its consistentcy of market's others platform please look out of this dhan management team..
Dhani Stocks:Best. Transaction is very fast. User friendly. Advanced Features!!
Dhani Stocks:Worst app....Both the dhan apps are rubbish, they hang often... and go into refresh mode again and again which takes a minute every time, scalpers stay away
Dhani Stocks:Bad experience. Photo selfie takes for ever. Bank statement upload, or cdsl holding takes for ever. No customer support. You can't keep chart iq as standard. Trading view chart, I don't like.
Dhani Stocks:application is too laggy. Many times the TSLO doesn't execute on time resultingin loss or cannot book profit. Not recommendable to trade on this platform.
Dhani Stocks:Such a worst app there system often hangs at peak market hours and if you made a loss due to glitch in their system you will get only a little % as compensation...so if u trade at this platform trade at your own risk.....
Dhani Stocks:If I took 1 lot in nifty, in the premium chart for 10 point movement it should shown 250rupees in P/L,But for 15 points in the premium movement also not reaching 250 rupees, what is this, really bad experience.. If it is like that company only make profit..
Dhani Stocks:After this recent update app is opening without fingerprint everytime . i mean it is not locking after app exit.
Dhani Stocks:Dhan is nice app and easy to use. It is a trading app. This app has a usefriendly interface. I recommend to everyone.
Dhani Stocks:Whats the issue with this app?? it keeps on crashing while opening chart!! And already updated to the latest
Dhani Stocks:The intuitive UI and smooth navigation on Dhan make for an effortless investing experience.
Dhani Stocks:Dhan is a great app for both beginners and Mast app hai for trading indeed!The trader diary feature on Dhan is incredibly useful.experts.Real-time trends on Dhan keep me updated.The mobile interface of Dhan is a breeze to use.Dhan's features are second to none.Dhan's features are second to none.The service on Dhan is excellent.Money transfer options on Dhan are seamless.Dhan is my preferred choice for trading.The dividend management dashboard on Dhan is excellent.Mutual funds on Dhan are a profi
Dhani Stocks:"Highly recommend the Dhan app! User-friendly, efficient, and packed with useful features. Great for managing investments. Love it!"
Dhani Stocks:the app is overall ok. but margin required option is missing in flash setup, which is necessary for trading in scapler on charts.
Dhani Stocks:Third class customer service and app. Just got a few good features, but overall very bad. I have called them 20 times trust me. Each time been on hold for more than 10mins. No one gets on the call even after market hours. Now don't even dare to ask me to drop a mail, if you have some self respect, find out my registered mobile number from your records and call me directly. Don't even think once to install, you face lot of issues
Dhani Stocks:Third class application yesterday morning balance was 14900 then profit was 2300 then charges was 46 rupees then my day end balance was 17100 traders diary showing charges 46 rupees but today my balance was 6100 means 11000 less than yesterday balance what the hell are you doing cutting. There is no record why balance has been down. Pls don't use this application.
Dhani Stocks:Our company has been trying to open a corporate demat account with dhan but their onboarding team is completely unresponsive. No one picks up the call No authentic responses on mail just automated responses which do not serve anything. Please take care of it
Motilal Oswal:Full of bugs which even the tech support cannot resolve. Very slow, keeps hanging all the time. User interface of the new update is pathetic. Crashes atleast twice a month and that too for more than 24 hours. how can a Trading App crash for sooo long!! They should have better tech support to prevent this from happening. There can be huge losses for the users if the app doesn't work and all the trades are halted. Because their site also crashes simultaneously. So all their clients are stuck.
Motilal Oswal:The Motilal Oswal Stock Market app stands out as an excellent tool for both novice and experienced investors. The apps interface is intuitive, making navigation through various features a breeze. One of the highlights of the app is its extensive range of research reports and market insights, which are invaluable for making informed investment decisions.The support team is exceptional. They are quick to respond, knowledgeable, and always ready to help with any issues/quiries.
Motilal Oswal:Reducing ratings as after long time not good improvement in application. Service also average only. With latest movement on Rise, speed has a big hit...the application is running very slow. Needs to add the investment, holding and open position in home/all screens. These are the button more used by any users. New UI is appealing and has lot of information which is good part.
Motilal Oswal:It's incredibly user-friendly, offering a seamless experience from account setup to managing investments. The range of investment options is impressive, catering to both novice and experienced investors. The app's interface is intuitive, making it easy to track portfolio performance and execute trades. Plus, the educational resources provided are invaluable for anyone looking to enhance their financial literacy. Highly recommend!
Motilal Oswal:The rise application since launch is creating everyday problems with application performance. One of worst application I have ever came across. login issue it doesn't allow you to login smoothly even biometric is enabled. When you login with mobile number or with mail ID it says something went wrong it will not allow you to login until you switched off phone. This happen many times in a day. Slow in responding it hangs either the portfolio list not showing or watchlist showing zero of stocks
Motilal Oswal:I've been using this app for over two years now. While the interface is good, I've encountered frequent login issues. Never even think about installing this app. There are too many technical glitches, and unwanted pop-ups appear frequently. It's been the worst experience with this app. The calls from financial advisors are annoying.
Motilal Oswal:The user interface is clean, intuitive, and user-friendly, making it easy for users to navigate through various sections of the app. The dashboard provides a quick snapshot of the market trends, portfolio performance, and available balance. The app's responsiveness and quick load times contribute to a smooth trading experience.
Motilal Oswal:Old app interface is far better than the new one. New one very confusing. I am experiencing lot of different. please go back to the older version. and also you have given more importance to cross sell products like mutual funds etc, than investors point. you have removed watch list from bar and placed in 'more'. even in settings also we have no chance to change to our preference. totally a unfriendly new versions.. Very confusing...
Motilal Oswal:Worst App for trading. Takes too much time to load the page which is definitely going to cost me huge bucks as I won't be able to execute my order on right time. Half of the time it doesn't even go through login set-up. Need to restart app for 2-3 times to go through. Will definitely switch to other platform if not resolved. Hope you will take a note. Older version was quite user friendly and easy to use.
Motilal Oswal:Old app interface is far better than the new one. New one very confusing. I am experiencing lot of different. please go back to the older version. and also you have given more importance to cross sell products like mutual funds etc, than investors point. you have removed watch list from bar and placed in 'more'. even in settings also we have no chance to change to our preference. totally a unfriendly new version
Motilal Oswal:The older version was far better than the new one Rise.the issues are 1.no horizontal chart representation.it is very important to view a long time horizon chart before investing 2.the recommended stocks for short and long term directly takes to buy page menu instead of the script.there is no option to go to the script from the page. 3.fonts are very very small to read 4.no data provided in option chain like long build up,short buildup etc.other brokers are providing it.
Motilal Oswal:This application could have been made a little simpler but there is confusion in everything from option chains to indexes. Like in Angel One and Grow application everything is clearly understood at low cost but in Motilal Oswal even at high cost everything seems confusing.One has to go deep inside even to see the option chain in Motilal Oswal. it needs some improvement
Motilal Oswal:New app UI is very much confusing. Also need to recheck font size, arrangement etc for cards in Portfolio. Also i cant firnd option for Smallcase, new baskets. Please bring them back Reply: My concern is already mentioned above. It is general but not a client specific. Kindly go through above details instead of asking to send mail.
Motilal Oswal:As a long time invester I've experienced significant difficulties with new app (RISE) which was automatically installed without my explicit consent, has resulted in a poor user experience. The UI has become cumbersome and inefficient, making simple tasks such as placing orders and checking order statuses time-consuminng. No ledger option.and many more drawbacks. I urge you to reconsider the changes made in RISE and keep mo investor back to use for the benefit of investors interest.
Motilal Oswal:The new update of Rise - Super app is terrible to use. Very cumbersome and irritating. The select option incase of options buying and selling doesn't work. The net worth, margin values, etc are not available. The previous version was amazing to work on. Kindly bring back the old version of Investor App
Motilal Oswal:App got updated few days back and I was using this for past more than three years but this Rise app it is not user friendly because of that I have made loss even though it was not a huge amount but you need to consider and provide the same interface (old one)I am using now other broker app which are more convenient since the updated app (Rise) is not user friendly.Hope this feedback will be acknowledged and old interface will be rolled out or atleast we should have old interface on/off switch.
Motilal Oswal:New interface is horrible, not user friendly. Shouldn't have updated. A piece of advice to the team, if you're changing the UI keep the retail customer in mind and not an advanced analyst or a finance guy. I'm looking forward to change my broker, it's not worth the stressful experience.
Motilal Oswal:Could not even log in from the past few days, and neither method is working to operate the app. Tried every ways and whe I triedy to login from I'd it just said something went wrong ) . Again it started it happens everyday that I just login but can't access the app. Still stuck with the problem why can't you people just fix the issue can't even login to check . Either fix the problem or just remove your pathetic app from appstore .
Motilal Oswal:New App design welcome step, but keep option of old app, cause we ppl are use to old app since years and working with new model is not that easy for few days. Cause no 1 is techie like the developer. So have option to switch for older version from new version. After few weeks remove that. Same way few years back NSE india changed its website. They provided dedicated button to switch to older version.
Motilal Oswal:I've been using the Rise app by Motilal Oswal and their services are excellent. The customer service is top-notch, and they offer a great range of investment options. However, the app can be confusing for new users. The interface feels cluttered, making it challenging to navigate through features. It would benefit from a more intuitive layout and better onboarding tutorials for beginners. Overall, it's a great app with room for improvement in user-friendliness!
Motilal Oswal:Dear MO Team, I have 5 active ascounts with MO Family since 4-5 years. I have always loved the interface and THAT IS WHY I have never migrated to other competitors. Your interface was VERY EASY TO USE and it was your USP. With this new interface I am disheartened as it is weird to use and lost the simplicity (USP) you cater. One feature of this inerface which I did like is the History of Shares bought at different prices. I request to look at our concern and get back to the previous version.
Motilal Oswal:When I want to install MO app with the above icon it became RISE which I don't want. I want older version which is more user friendly. Please help. Another issue in some cases the LTP value of different stocks shows Rs 0.00. sometimes after reboot it corrects at other times it reains same
Motilal Oswal:Not user friendly. Complicated UI. Worst customer support. No transparency in process. They will reach out to you multiple times a day when they want you to purchase shares but will beat around the bush when it comes to customer support.
Motilal Oswal:The worst app experience after you updated to make it RISE UI is poor fonts are very small too complicated and always while scrolling anytime left or right swipe creates problem. I request you to give us choice to switch to older version please. App is full of services BUT IT HAS BECOME TOO SLOW NOW
Motilal Oswal:Previous version was very good and user friendly but after it is updated to rise it has become s nightmare.it is very slow compare to previous version.it takes longer time to go to portfolio from watchlist.It requires attention and rectification.
Motilal Oswal:As soon it changed as Rise have been very poor application can be told good for nothing. Option trading based on Index movement either up trend or down trend. Movement of Index depend on movements its components. Where in MO Investors app. Index components are being available but Rise has no such facility. Sorry to state that it is worst application for trader available in brokers Trading App.
Motilal Oswal:The application is very slow even when connected to broadband network. Menu's are not user friendly. 05-Jun-24: Already done as suggested by MO team, clear cache, re-install etc. Only after that I put in this review. Problem still persist
Motilal Oswal:I wanted to express my appreciation for the excellent guidance and suggestions Riya Maity provided me with while using the app and exploring investment options. Riya's assistance was invaluable in helping me navigate the features of the app effectively and understand various investment opportunities. Her explanations were clear and easy to follow, which made the process much smoother for me as a user.
Motilal Oswal:Very very average app and confusing for a beginner or someone who is not a very active trader. The UI looks jazzy with all the colours but confusing. The support mechanism also is not so great
Motilal Oswal:Latest Update of MO Investor to Rise is absolutely pathetic. Very cluttered and too many options but no simplicity. Older version was excellent, very clean and user friendly. I hope the company would understand that what a customer wants rather not what they want.
Motilal Oswal:What a disgusting and pathetic look and feel.....earlier version was very user friendly with bold font and easy to access now one needs to use magnifier to read inside the app....haven't this been tested before launching?? What a nonsense....so many cook spoils the soup. After six months also I am not able to use app. Hence stopped trading and investing in Motilal Oswal. Other trading platform like Angel one MStock Growth are really decent and easy to use with no headache.
Motilal Oswal:Destroyed a well-made app Interface. The previous version was so cool and easy to use. The new one is so complicated, and the font size is seriously horrible, almost unreadable.
Motilal Oswal:The platform is good. Slight improvement is needed in every same goes with them, but the teams are supportive enough to help you with your queries. Not like other brokers who only talk in emails.
Motilal Oswal:The old app was so much better and simpler. This new version is incredibly inefficient and takes ages to load. Now it's become worse where last trading price is 0 and my profit is all messed up on the security level. Switching brokers, what's the point of paying a higher commission for a worse service.
Motilal Oswal:Worst experience using this app. Takes so much time in buffering and opening details even with full network connectivity. Not able to check orders status and unnecessary things added to load the app. Why cant u people keep u simple or its targetted to let people lose money. Zerodha or other platforms fare much better
Motilal Oswal:They provide trades in all segment like Equity, Derivatives, Commodity etc. Its a one stop solution for all the needs. One of the best accuracy of around 85%. You get enough time to watch their trades. All the trades with Entry and Exit updates. Complete guidance on all the trades given. Slow and steady process of making money
Motilal Oswal:New App Rise is good, but Investor App was more convenient and comfortable for use. The Rise is looking same as of Mo Trader. Please have a switch mode, so that I can switch as per convince. Even the new updated app is working slow as compared to the previous one.
Motilal Oswal:Very slow and time consuming. The old version was very user friendly. Help me to revert to old version. Seems the developer has uploaded beta version. Poor interface. App takes ages to provide the updated prices by which time your trade is gone.
Motilal Oswal:Worst app after the app got updated. Font size is very small where the senior citizens can't see the app and even it is taking time to load every screen. If their software team can't resolve this issue,so many people will close their accounts..
Motilal Oswal:New app is only for motilal oswal enhancing income. Because traders are confused. Not show total profit and loss for the financial year. Which help user to book profit and loss for income tax purpose. Give feedback to branch also but no update is there. Give option for old app also
Motilal Oswal:Very slow app, certain scripts not visible & I missed my trade, payout issue, wrong information in order book. We are charged interest if we pay late but they don't pay us interest when they are not able to do payout. Old app was much better
Motilal Oswal:I am learning to know the functioning . I request that font size should be little bigger & bold (For figures) In old version if I search any script that used to be visible & at a time 15 scripts I could see. But in this new version this facility is removed. Old system was more useful as I could keep watch on all 15 scripts at a time. Now not able to do it.
Motilal Oswal:It is a good app but as a beginner, it becomes a little difficult to understand, This app needs to be made a little more convenient The webinars held here are very helpful. The staff here is very support in understanding anything.
Motilal Oswal:Latest app update is very complicated. Font is too small. Too many things on small screen. Time gets wasted in searching rather than trading. Too confusing.
Motilal Oswal:Subject : Feedback for Trading App Dear [App Development Team], I wanted to take a moment to provide some feedback on your trading app. Overall, I find the app to be quite user-friendly and functional, but there are a few areas where I believe there is room for improvement. Overall, I appreciate the effort that has gone into developing this trading app, and I believe that addressing these areas of improvement would elevate the app to an even higher standard. Thank you for considering my feedbac
Motilal Oswal:Motilal oswal changes there app interface every years guys . Don't install 3class interface . Now they have change interface to some rise which is worst . Fonts are so small one can't see properly. Which app changes there interface totaly after every year ?? Older version was good .
Motilal Oswal:New user interface is horrible - speed is slow, information scattered all over the places, very confusing. Old one was better, easier, clear - all required information at one place
Motilal Oswal:This new app Rise is difficult to understand n operate don't understand really. Not getting total of current financial profit n loss. Daily loss/profit understand but overall where we stand don't know. Even alphabet are very tiny it's difficult to read also. We are habituated of old app so plz make it easier for us all.
Motilal Oswal:Your latest app updates may be very useful for your point of view but after udates fonts are very dull, small & may increase my eyes glass number, hard to find menu item, Fonts are so *small* that you have to concentrate additionally with a view to press correct button, your trademark logo must not be changed. Past Experience: Very Very user Friendly, Informative, can see at a glance 4 main Indices I.e. Nifty, Bank Nifty, Sensex, FinNifty at one Glance, now only Two . Font must be bold.
Motilal Oswal:It's very nice game. Gameplay and graphics is great. Used to be better. The Discover page is just clickbait and after you're done viewing your friends' stories it just plays the first thing on the page on its own. The 3D Bitmojis are kind of annoying, since there isn't an option to perfer showing the original ones. However, the addition of 5 streak restores per month is brilliant! It's very easy to do and a reasonable number of restores. Good job with that! When it comes to My AI, please stop.
Motilal Oswal:I would like to lay down a few issues. 1. Scrips added to the watch list fail to show up, and it does not allow the scrip to be added again as it says it is already exists in the watchlist. This happens quite frequently. 2. The menu should be simple and could be better laid out to facilitate faster trading and investing. 3. The watchlist on the app and on the desktop trading platform should be synchronized to avoid adding scrips repeatedly.
Motilal Oswal:in last four months, rise app is very slow. always lagging. unable to find essential details. previous stock was atleadt responsive. need to improve
Motilal Oswal:New updated version of this app is not good the font of app is too small and colour is too light .user interface is not good compared to previous version. Kindly update soon.
Motilal Oswal:The MO Investor app by Motilal Oswal stands out as an exceptional tool for both novice and seasoned investors. With its user-friendly interface and robust features, it offers a seamless investment experience.
Motilal Oswal:Very bad experience. Every time session expired error. It irritating me. Hope update the same asap.
Motilal Oswal:App has many options and team has taken time to explain and hand hold during initial days. Good to have a supportive team during initial days.
Motilal Oswal:All features are good but it's too slow, not good for trading and quick orders. Too slow to load the single scrip. This won't work for trading specially.
Motilal Oswal:Is the update of mosl investor app has been done in consultation with some expert ? If I am not wrong it is almost the same as your mosl trader app. Earlier investor app was perfectly fine and easy to operate. Such report might have been received from other clients also. I may also tell you that old app is also working without any change so better you revert back to the earlier mosl investor app. Thanks.
Motilal Oswal:The new version is full of bugs. It is working very slowly and every time asking for login credentials.
Motilal Oswal:Hello Motilal Oswal.., I was Registered on this Platform on May10. All the Process has been Completed. But, Still now am getting an Response Message of "Your Application is Being Verified" Why my Application is Taking too much of time to verifying? I need an Reason of the Current Status.
Motilal Oswal:Rubbish app....takes too much time to upload, not accepting password even after repeated resetting 22/4/24 app not working again just before beginning of trading....kindly suggest how I can shift my equity to another platform. App glitches are too frequent. 28/4/2024 again changed to new platform and it is again not working. What's the use of this app if it does not work during trading hours. Kindly suggest how can tra after equity to another platform. Already requested before for the same.
Motilal Oswal:Very good app and the experience was excellent madam Rajeshweri was very helpful she helped me clear the doubts and questions that I had in my mind and helped me adding the funds. Thank you Madam Rajeshweri for your help
Motilal Oswal:The Motilal Oswal Stock Market app stands out as an excellent tool for both novice and experienced investors. The apps interface is intuitive.
Motilal Oswal:Rise by MO is a very slow moving app. It's not trading friendly. If you are using it for investing then okay. It takes 10 to 15 seconds after puting order at limit price. Previously MO trader was a good app for its speed. Please look into the matter. Not very Happy because of its speed issue.
Motilal Oswal:Been a customer of MO for a long time...but am slowly reducing my portfolio there, primarily due to a terrible User Experience in their online platform...full of bugs...keeps hanging...P&L calculations are wrong... doesn't log in quickly... these r all bare minimum necessities in a stock market app
Motilal Oswal:It was a good experience getting connected to your services. Updates were provided on time. But the app took a little more time to get activated..
Motilal Oswal:The font size is too small for aged to see. Feedback not looked into Frequent logout Ledger updates are not on time and does not give clarity Old app was better
Motilal Oswal:Tird class app .After discussing the issue with concern authority I did everything, like removing chaches, deleting details & reloading app. but things has not improved. It's steel working slow
Motilal Oswal:The Rise app It is not able to bifurcate bonds and equities.After pressing the analyse tab the total holdings are shown higher by the amount in the debt instruments. The bonds still show even after maturity.
Motilal Oswal:Just I have been submitted application and opened new trading account. actually I don't know about this trading very well,i am new here but overall the representatives and advisory is going on and my experience with them just new here and no issues till now hopefully it will bring us closer Thank till then.
Motilal Oswal:The executives and and the app, both are very customer friendly.. They really guide you to earn profits from your investments.. Their research team is great and are always there to help you..
Motilal Oswal:Latest app Rise is having lots of Login Issues and Can't open a single demat account in 2 of my devices.Always Logged out when closes the app.Kindly fix this and Interface is also worst one..
Motilal Oswal:Technical glitches in the old app as well as new app. IT team defending themselves to accept the mistakes Takes too much time Your reply is defensive. I don't agree I have escalated many times
Motilal Oswal:Not running smoothly.....very bad experience...no accurate data...to much lagging....app is also not simple very difficult to find any price stock optionchain
Motilal Oswal:Very poor interface. Nothing is clear. You guys should learn how to design a mobile app by watching your competitors.
Motilal Oswal:This One Star Rating For The New updated version called Rise which is using the same UI of motilal traders app. Old UI was very user friendly and easy to operate as compared to this new updated RISE version UI. I would request to motilal Oswal to bring back the old UI or they will face a drop down in trading from clients.
Motilal Oswal:Motilal Oswal's investing app offers a seamless and user-friendly experience, making it easy for both beginners and seasoned investors to manage their portfolios. The app provides real-time market updates, comprehensive research reports, and a variety of investment options, ensuring that users have all the tools they need for informed decision-making. Its robust security features and efficient customer support further enhance the overall user satisfaction.
Motilal Oswal:Rise is not upto the mark... earlier was better. Also on big event the app hangs and not able to trade. Everytime I use my correct password it says password incorrect ..they are fraud and stop us for trading in big event days...we file complain in sebi.
Motilal Oswal:Best application. Easy to open account and Use , simple and user friendly and interface. best support team. Overall best treading application
Motilal Oswal:After Update it has downgraded to so much irritating non user friendly App. Motilal has made the best App to its worst level. Missing so much feature of old motilal App and missing many opportunities of trading. Please do something. And don't tell us to email. You must be aware what is going on after so many days of updates.
Motilal Oswal:This is my first time in trading. This platform is very good and good guidance is given and a good explanation about all the things trading and investment.
Motilal Oswal:Thanks for team Motilal Oswal. This app is userf riendly easy to use. And very very big thanks to support on trading. I am a new trader I dont know about fundamental , technical analysis. But your support is unbeliaveble in my trading journey. Thank you sir
Motilal Oswal:It's a great Application and I have not faced any major issues from the date I have installed it. From last few days I am facing very peculiar issue. When I start the app, a message appearing stating 'We can serve you better once you have your internet signal back'. I have proper internet connection all the time when this message is appearing. I am not able to open the app at all. Please help.
Motilal Oswal:Worst app and charges are more and for closing the account. They don't have option to close online and I reply to this mail and then also there is no solution to the problem.
Motilal Oswal:I suggest never use this app for your trading there is lot's of problems and there advisor didn't solve your problem. And they charged unexpected charges automatically without any reminder. Lot's of charges they deduct from my balance and when i call my advisor they cut the call and not solve my query.
Motilal Oswal:The Motilal Oswal app has been a source of immense frustration. Not only does the app have issues but the constant, unsolicited phone calls from their representatives are incredibly irritating. It's unacceptable and highly intrusive. This aggressive and bothersome approach to customer engagement needs to stop. I regret downloading the app and dealing with such a nuisance.
Motilal Oswal:The Motilal Oswal Stock Market app stands out as an excellent tool for both novice and experienced investors. The apps interface is intuitive, making navigation through various features a breeze. One of the highlights of the app is its extensive range of research reports and market insights,
Motilal Oswal:I am absolutely delighted with the Motilal Oswal app and the exceptional service provided by Miss Kiran! The app itself is user-friendly and offers a wide range of features that make trading and investing a breeze. But what truly sets Motilal Oswal apart is their customer support team, particularly Miss Kiran. Miss Kiran has been a game-changer for me. Her knowledge, expertise, and patience have helped me a lot..
Motilal Oswal:Opening the app itself a big challenge. Always get the error 'Something Went Wrong' after entering my user id/ mobile number.
Motilal Oswal:Account opening and all prosess was very good and the information which was provided by staff is very helpful. But today at 9 o clock when I was trying to open my folio there is nothing showing on my account and till 11 nothing when I ask the same issue they replied sir it was technical issue..today am not able to monitor my trade... So. This was my experience today and am not happy with that because it was peak time now and am not able to get update .
Motilal Oswal:0 star for new version. Old version was way way better. All the times its keep on loading and interface is not good at all. Hoping for resolution soon.
Motilal Oswal:After new update RICE, app not working in my mobile. Customer care also helpless. I'm using OnePlus 6T with Android 11 OS. Since many days I'm trying to login but there is an error show Something is wrong.even Consumer care IT cell doesn't have any idea. Kindly do needful.
Motilal Oswal:This application is very useful n easy to use ..I am vry much impress with the staff of Motilal Oswal. They are always available to guide us in a right direction .
Motilal Oswal:Worst application every time need Login Details and not open application I was loss every time because of this application Its application is not working everyday same problem when you started and update RISE application
Motilal Oswal:Motilal Oswal has quickly become one of my favorite apps, thanks to its sleek design and powerful features. The apps versatility allows me to stay organized, informed, and connected, all from the convenience of my mobile device. I appreciate the attention to detail and dedication to user satisfaction that the developers have put into Motilal Oswal . Its truly a game-changer and a must-have app for anyone looking to improve their overall digital experience
Motilal Oswal:The new mobile app is very poor and not user friendly. The application is no added with more complex and complications.. Need the old version app which is user friendly. Need the mobile app to get added in the play store the old version as well. My rating to new mo app is very bad & pathetic
Motilal Oswal:New version Rise was so pathetic aur bad it can't be user friendly. Automatically logged out from the device. Very much disappointed . Simply said not recommended for the beginners.
Motilal Oswal:Updated version of app is becoming worst day by day. Very slow and unfriendly user interface. It is better to switch to other trading platform.
Motilal Oswal:After updating to rise it's not user friendly and since morning it's logged out when I am resetting password whole process followed correct new password not accepting this I have checked multiple times seems glitches in updated version if it continues need to shift to other broker.
Motilal Oswal:MO app is very helpful and very informative. Got a good idea of stocks. Thank you so much for all these, hope to continue a great journey with you.
Motilal Oswal:Updated version is very worst to look and it's very difficult to navigate as well. Pls keep old version is good. But still need minor improvements. Such as if anything buy or sell 2 way confirmation needed.
Motilal Oswal:App name has changed to RISE, UI is better but each time I go inside it keeps poping the tutorial which is really annoying... Feels like I dont want to keep this app anymore.
Motilal Oswal:Worst experience Just because app wasn't working properly wasn't able to sold my holding that leads to a loss further and their customer executives don't respond at all even after multiple calling. Not at all suggested to open any account with them.
Motilal Oswal:New version is not apealing as fonts are micro small and need to search for information across screen. I wish I had the older version.
Motilal Oswal:Such a great platform for investing and trading. The interesting part is they provide you advisors who guide you which is amazing. The interface of the aap is so friendly and easy to use and understand.
Motilal Oswal:Don't try to be over smart. Keep the old version app working. Too many issues with new app. Already emailed but no reply yet.
Motilal Oswal:Worst app I have ever seen. Everytime need to login with password, also unable to reset password. Totally frustrated with the update.
Motilal Oswal:Such a horrible new version very slow and multiple tabs to complete the transaction better to have old version....adding funds or buying any shares nothing is working only buffering.
Motilal Oswal:I am using motilal app since 5/6 year to trade and have good portfolio This new version is pathetic and everything is time taking page doesnot load .real time value doesn't come moreover if you have to family account every time you have to insert password Due to this new app have stopped trading and investing because it's very different and difficult to trade Earlier version user friendly From this kind of app in long run you will see many shifting there account from motilal Kindly address
Motilal Oswal:It is working very very slow after upgrade. Earlier used to open scrip very quickly and we can able to trade fast. Now this is frustrating.
Motilal Oswal:Very bad new version old was user friendly. Here whenever I go to portfolio to place order not showing option of place order only shows equaty basket and iep don't know what to do
Motilal Oswal:The rise app is a little bit slow maybe merging both domestic and us stock and app needs to make users friendly because there are lots of options which are unable to understand for beginners, The overall app is good . . .
Motilal Oswal:Updated version is not user friendly. Kindly make option for use to old version. This updated version is not good. Worst update loke motil tader app also. Both updated application is worst.
Motilal Oswal:This is new app is taking too much time to load it's irritating and also the font size are so very small. As of this you may loose your customer's.
Motilal Oswal:Very hard to use this app... app taking too much time even to show our portfolio.... chart section are very flop performing.... overall angel,zerodha,grow etc. Are much better than this brocking app.... also total worst experiences for web page login....overall MOFSL is not for simple men who take easily trade and understand easily....
Motilal Oswal:I can't search the app on my app panel. Everything i have to open play store to open the app. Also i do not see my equities purchased in the account on app. Horrible experience
Motilal Oswal:Not as easy as the old one. The option to see p&l everyday is not in the new app. Please include all the options in the old one with the new app .
Motilal Oswal:Worst application ever, trades never took place on time, application lags a lot..due to your application i have missed so many opportunites.. i will also save my clients by not giving your services ..
Motilal Oswal:Very disappointed after app update to Rise..earlier app version was very fast and smooth with clear information. This new one is extremely cumbersome to use. Please provide option to revert to previous version as soon as possible
Motilal Oswal:The application is very easy and simple interfaced to understand and use also the RM provided is great and the advisory is very well defined and easy to apply.Such a great experience for beginners I must say.
Motilal Oswal:Old interface and app was very good I am not finding new rise app user friendly. I hardly visiting new app in last 2 days compare to MO investor. You should allow switch button to old app M O investor or keep both app MO investor and rise for old customer.
Motilal Oswal:MO Rise App is really confusing. Earlier MO Investor app was very easy to understand and very informative. Some times it wont open at all. It says some thing went wrong.Pl try again. What we should do?
Motilal Oswal:Such a bad application never ever invente by this application they will give you such a bad suggestions they will try to sell a premium subscription then they will say that you are going to be a profitable trader after doing that also you will have a great loss by there suggestions they will have take over trade which will increase the brokerage they will only provide you loss I was also using this application I hade a great loss of 70000
Motilal Oswal:I'm trying to login it with my login ID, mobile number, email I'd but it is not allowing I get msg something went wrong. I tried uninstall and install again it's not working so bad
Motilal Oswal:This app was way more better prior to the latest update (RISE). Recent update has worsen the app. There is no option to review zero or else I would have given zero stars to this new update.Kindly bring back the old version or else you might start losing clients even.
Motilal Oswal:I am not able to open the app today, after updating the same yesterday. Also, till now the Indian market news section has not been added to news section. It's only portfolio and global. Didn't expect such slow updation from the team.
Motilal Oswal:User interface not easy.. For every thing need to enter multiple checkboxes why.. Earlier version was quit easy
Motilal Oswal:Worst app after updation, do not have negative star option otherwise would have given negative 100 stars for the app. Cannot find anything at one place which was the case in earlier ap.
Motilal Oswal:Super slow ever since they changed it to rise. Old app was better. If you want to urgently buy and sell stocks, move to some different broker.
Motilal Oswal:Every minute network issue and asking for otp, intermet working with other app working well, Also they Removed me from Whatsapp group. I think Clients are not important for motilal only mony.
Motilal Oswal:It take too much time to load. Also many time in the morning during trading sessions application doesnot respond for hours and unable to login which has affected my trading. Worst app ever after the update
Motilal Oswal:Doesn't update properly. Hangs at times. Doesn't work on weekends Above was my review in 2017 Now they have 'upgraded' it to Rise. It is worser. We have to recreate login details again an again. Customer care has developed deafness
Motilal Oswal:Inappropriate application too much complication in logins..... really fed up atleast old version was bit good ...mo doesn't want their clients new version rise is disgusting... really would give minus star
Motilal Oswal:worst app i ever seen... all time ask for otp/biometic 2 times/intro all time. not login more account from same device. every time dark mode set removed automatically.
Motilal Oswal:Motilal Oswal is the most valueable trusted earning trading platform .It is as so as very quick and easy.Deposit and withdrawl are very easy and rull and regulated by India Govt.I love it and earn money .All the best of all.
Motilal Oswal:I've been using this app for a while and I'm extremely satisfied with its user-friendly interface and range of services. It makes trading easy and efficient. The customer service is prompt and helpful. One suggestion for future updates: integrating a cryptocurrency facility. With the growing popularity of cryptocurrencies, this feature would greatly enhance the app's utility. Keep up the great work!
Motilal Oswal:1. Complicated UI: Difficulty for new investors to navigate; Suggest simpler UI like GROWW's. 2. Lack of Order Options: Missing Cover/GTT/OCO; Needed for setting simultaneous stop-loss & target. 3. Attention to Big Investors: Advisors focus on big investors, neglecting small ones. 4. Manual Margin Calculations: Inconvenience for margin users; Requires manual calculations. 5. Swipe gestures and instant page changing not available. Very disappointed. Please add Cover order option
Motilal Oswal:The new rise app does not have family view feature which is a very powerful feature in last version. Motilal Oswal team has missed on a very important feature as per the customer segment they cater to. Looking for the same in the next update at the earliest. New sorting options are very helpful but still too much information in holdings summary and fontsize is making the view clumsy and distracting in terms of quickly moving through profits and LTP changes.
Motilal Oswal:Trading is a bit complicated here, especially when you have used any forex platforms like xm or octa. It makes it difficult to perform simple actions like setting stop loss and profit target. It could be made more easier. And coming to the theme, it's really boring. My honest feedback. You dont have an option to switch to dark theme like in the MO trader app. The interface really need to worked on. Please make changes... a more user friendly, beginner friendly space as well.
Motilal Oswal:New App little improved. Only one draw back I see the stocks letter size and screen back ground colour. If it is provided as like your old trading App was better. While sorting the watch list it is comes to normal. If sort data remain same after setting would be much better. Hope in future you will consider improvement of these feedbacks. Number of watch list increased is value plus.
Motilal Oswal:Overall its a good app for trading and investing,not omly the app i am talking, The service that are given by Motilal Oswal, its a honour of trust. Thank you for this. The only thing i will suggest for the app is, when i am on the home tab for a certain piece of time like 5-10 min, then automatically its shows error couldn't load network. Again when i shift to another tab then it runs again. I am unable to get this the reason.
Motilal Oswal:App is consistent. Has many options. User interface is a little too complex for beginners. Reports are not so easy to understand. Charts should be available in each section (portfolio, orders) where the scrip is shown.
Motilal Oswal:It's really amazing trading app. It gives lots of team support and profit. I love this. Thank you so much for the support and care service.
Motilal Oswal:The app performs very poorly, especially during late evening hours, when it's down most of the time. After multiple attempts to understand the reason for the downtime, I was informed that the service is unavailable from 12 AM to 4 AM and from 4 PM on Saturday to 4 AM on Monday. This is a very strange and useless policy. There are other options from different operators, so I will no longer use Motilal.
Motilal Oswal:What a waste !!! all my watchlist show 0.00 ... If rebranded to RISE its expected to match the previous level not to downgrade it. kindly look into it ASAP
Motilal Oswal:Excellent app for trading. Friendly staff. It is nice that they give immediate response for any queries.
Motilal Oswal:worst service from motilal. very pathetic services from customer. the branch officer is a fraud. i have already applied for account closure on 10th june. Today its 20th June and they sent mail that i have not reverted back to them via email. then whats the purpose of submitting the hard copies for account closure. motilal oswal is a fraud and kindly stay away from them.
Motilal Oswal:The app was working fine but after the recent update it's not even opening. ( Outside India). Please fix this issue
Motilal Oswal:This app recent update is nice. Before some years it had a horrible interface. Feels good to use this app with new UI Will update the feedback after more use accordingly
Motilal Oswal:Motilal oswal stands out for its user-friendly interface, excellent analytical features, and affordability.
Motilal Oswal:Neet to improve... Complications/ difficult to understand app.... Difficult to sell orders... Exicuted order not showing in portfolio.. Please make this app simple.... Some parameters are difficult to understand.. Please make this app simple to use...
Motilal Oswal:The Relationship manager was alloted was very polite and humble. His way of makin underst was very good, every single thing was clearly cleared.
Motilal Oswal:Searching issue , Slow server response , No display Profit loss amount on screen,If we find options ,Show null always
Motilal Oswal:Old investor app was very good and easy. New app is very much confusing. Pl make an option to switch to older app version.
Motilal Oswal:Very bad. AI is very backward.No help from them. AI is totally fixed, and one sided interaction. No other help mode given. For UPI ID, there is no provision for changing it. Whatever given is very very old options. Also SIP, not much help can be had from the App. Either the IT team is very outdated or the management is not bothered about their clients.
Motilal Oswal:Not able to invest in mutual funds through this app it showing everything while going to payment it is asking to retry and showing something went wrong
Motilal Oswal:Not at all user friendly. The old app was best to use. After updating the app on 01.05.24 it seems to be better and more user friendly.
Motilal Oswal:Very bad application. Server is always down. It never gets open smoothly & on time. I takes around 30 minutes to open it. It is very irritating. I will not recommend this application to anyone.
Motilal Oswal:Old version was better than New version 'Rise' ...even i can't download holding statement after update...now i have to look for another platform of trading.
Motilal Oswal:It is showing "we can serve you better once you have internet signal back" even if your internet signal is good & internet is working well due to which I am not able to trade. Complete non-sense and faulty software deployment. Very poor app. While adding fund app gets hanged and timeout several times. Very poor customer experience. Not sure of which 3rd class payment gateway they are using ? Everytime I transfer fund , page gets hang to load ..very very poor add fund functionality.
Motilal Oswal:Horrible! Old virsion was simple Dear MOSL Team why change the UI? Old was excellent. Collect data from your Frenchise and you would know that online orders are declined with the result Clients are forced to call Brokers for orders. I have stopped trading using the Rise App. which is horrible. Let us use the old version. UPDATE! This App doesn't deserve -10 ratiing. Today03/05/24 when there was opportunity for traders to make money, It's not working. The Horse doesn't run on Dashera. Wake up!
Motilal Oswal:Many times your app will not open and you are not giving any solid tips and guidance to the client and it seems you are interested only in getting commission rather than clients welfare. The new.uploaded version is very bad for trading through.mobile.Pl check the status of trading and netposition it is very confusing and not clear but the previous app. was very good pl follow it
Motilal Oswal:Very slow and every time we open it will ask for OTP is very irritating Also keep on changing its function again n again Very bad experience
Motilal Oswal:The overall new design is a welcoming move but the app need updates on various points like #The portfolio's daily gain & loss of the respective stocks should be seperately shown as total profit from gaining stocks for that day and total loss for that day's losing stocks just like the old app and not as overall p&l on net basis # Nifty Smallcap100 is not present in indices list # As soon as we sell our delivery stocks, the holdings should reflect as Nil if all stocks holded are sold on realtime
Motilal Oswal:App geti auto updated to Rise, which gets logged out. Not as effective and user friendly as the original.
Motilal Oswal:It's lously, very slow. And many times it's black black screen.
Motilal Oswal:Good app overall. But one report sorely lacking. Historical data of transactions from date of opening the account preferably in Excel format. I believe it was available earlier in pdf format. Cant understand why it has been removed. Clearly one step backward. You say suggestions are valued, but you do not seem to work towards modifying your software to accommodate them.
Motilal Oswal:Service is good they always give good suggestion but the problem is application is not working properly and there are always errors while using app
Motilal Oswal:Great service from staff side and app has great interface. Very easy to start account and on call assistance
Motilal Oswal:Newly introduced app is worst and useless. Previous version is better. Today morning cant able to login even after changing password.
Motilal Oswal:This is a very good app. Need more simple ways to trade. There are some difficulties in selling. Please make them simple. Your staff Sujata garu is extremely helpful.
Motilal Oswal:New rise app is more complicated and user interface is not as good as..before..mo investor app is good enough..pls bring it back..before it was so simple...and ..easy app interface and we become used to.that...
Motilal Oswal:'s easy to navigate, there are ready to invest baskets, so far I have received good movements using the recommendations in the app. The only issue I noticed is avaible to trade amount sometimes showing diffent values. And next improvement I could suggest is if the app under updation then good to have a notification in the app it self. Overall I would recommend to use the app specifically for nre
Motilal Oswal:I have been using motilal since a very long time. Motilal oswal before the update was very easy to use and was user friendly. The app should have not updated to RISE. There are many problems while using the app RISE and its difficult when elder people use. It is my humble request to bring back the app before the update or atleast update in a manner that it is easy to use and not confusing.
Motilal Oswal:hello recently I have seen a bug in the app. In the portfolio section for equity the current price and the price change + price change percentage is not showing (showing 0) for every share In the demate account. please check this. update : This is not related to the share market it's related to the application interface. this is a bug so that I have reported it here.
Motilal Oswal:Added: Please add face/ iris recognition options for log in. Previous: Have been using this app for a few years now and found it great so far. Appreciate the regular improvements in features and UI. Kudos to the team that designed and built this app! One feature I'd love to have added is to be able to access the sell/buy transaction history for a scrip on a click at the scrip level. Also, please add iris recognition in biometrics. Thanks!
Motilal Oswal:The recently update interface is pathetic.....keeps on buffering and sometimes doesn't let you login only,the old was user friendly and good. Should keep an option for the customer to choose between the old and new interface. Kindly resolve the issue not able to invest during trading hours
Motilal Oswal:This latest update (rise) is a disaster! Why even bother updating if the same issues keep popping up? And what's with that outdated logo still on the play store? And don't even get me started on all those irritating bugs still lurking in the app! It's been 7 weeks since the update has been rolled out and yet no bug fixes or improvements have been made, making the situation even more frustrating
Motilal Oswal:Very Poor User interface may be the new version I am struggling to find my holding list for last 2 days. The Portfolio ikon should immediately show the list. However it provides onlybthe consolidated view and not the individual holdings. Also no option to see the historical order details. Groww and Icicdirect has excellent user friendly interface.
Motilal Oswal:It is more than 3 days I'm not able to access the app it doesn't open and always say that once you are in network area we will support better.. everything else in my phone is receiving network and connection but not this app. Written mail to the motilal team still no update.. I tried reaching on the number they asked me to call..no one has any idea about the issue.
Motilal Oswal:New version is not user friendly Previous one was good Where is the ledger ? How to modify order quantity? Whatch list is too small, only 5 scripts r visible. No option for square off Bring back the layout of previous version... New version is totally complicated. I have downloaded another app for watching the screen. Yearly ledger is missing. Trade report is missing. Please make simple app for traders and make separate app for other features. Very very very complicated app NOT TRADER FRIENDL
Motilal Oswal:I would not suggest to use this app. As this app is not at all beginner friendly. There are lots of hidden calculations which could be simpler. The margins are calculated on what basis, still a question mark. The UI is quite confusing. The amount showed is not the appropriate one. Not happy to use this app.
Motilal Oswal:1. When searching for mutual funds, the app does not show results on typing keywords such as 'large cap', 'small cap' etc. I need to put the AMC name also. I keep some other app just to be able to search for mutual funds. 2. It doesn't have feature for watching all external mutual funds which many other apps are providing 3. Everytime I open the app, one or two pop up show user discretion. Once or twice it is fine, but each and everytime it becomes irritating.
Motilal Oswal:Updated at 1511 on 26th Feb What good is sending the email. If people are unable to login then fix the issue. For the last 5 sessions am unable to get inside the app. What non sense Updated on 26 Feb Recent user here. Trying to migrate from Groww and UpStox to a different broker. My search ended at MOS. Exceptional service. Knowledgeable staff. Will update the review after I've invested/traded with them for a month or two..... But as of now things are looking positive.
Motilal Oswal:Overall experience so far is good. Agents are helpful. There are few things which should be improved. We should have option to increase the font size. My dad having issue to read the small font texts. Agent should have option to carry their phonr so that we can approach them immediately as and when needed. Rest all seems to be good so far.
Motilal Oswal:I have been using zerodha for a long time and found it user friendly. But Motilal Oswal app is very complicated. I am unable to book the order. I have transferred 10000 rupees , and remained unable to book the order. Finally I withdrew it. It is really useless for trading. However, it is very good for Research and many good recommendations are announced on it
Motilal Oswal:I've been using the Motilal Oswal app for a while now, and I must say, it's been a game-changer for me. The app not only provides a user-friendly interface but also ensures seamless communication with their clients. From updates on market trends to personalized investment advice, Motilal Oswal keeps you informed every step of the way.One of the standout features of the app is its responsiveness. Whenever I have a query or need assistance, their customer support team is always prompt and helpful.
Motilal Oswal:Since last few days I have to put in OTP for every login. This is soo tedious. Can you guys please provide some alternative? My biometric is on but it doesn't ask for that.
Motilal Oswal:The app is really good with easy interface and user friendly software The community which they have provided is appropriate
Motilal Oswal:New App RISE is not yet all good. Unnecessary content in have been added. Networth, Power Trade options are removed. UI is so bluky and having unnecessary content. App too slow for trade executions. Old App is for better than current one. On the name of upgrade, Motilal is degrading the App. Please keep Old one as is.
Motilal Oswal:Very poor application in my opinion. It does not inform the remaining wallet balance. You just keep buying the stock, your wallet will be becoming in negative. Then they will turn your balance into MTF. The stock description is not as good as Grow and ICICI direct because I have used both of them. You need a good tech support. I will uninstall the app and please inform me how to close the account permanently.
Motilal Oswal:Service from motilal oswal is prompt and perfect. It seems to be a better platform for traders.
Motilal Oswal:Horrible customer support, you can never reach out to a live agent. They are using AI assistant to manage calls, which doesn't get's your input and never redirect your call to a human agent. If you try chat, that is irrelevant as well because there also you don't get an option to chat with an active human agent. I have been trying since last 2 days. No wonder why new broker startups are getting ahead of them, even though they're in business for almost 30 years
Motilal Oswal:Pls fix login issue. App crashes frequently and requests relogin. This is so annoying.
Motilal Oswal:1.New RISE application is troubling lot more as its portfolio tab is having only % change who will calculate actual change. 2.New RISE doesn't have tab "FD/BUYBACK/BOND which must be there We welcome new RISE but please compare with old application and do needful Regards Hemant SINGADIA
Motilal Oswal:It is a great flatform. They are supporting with generous and providing the proper guidance for those who are new in investing.
Motilal Oswal:Mobile application and login to website is not working since last few days... I have gone through reviews and many people are facing same issue.. Please address this as quickly as possible
Motilal Oswal:New App Rise is very very slow and is irritating. Most of the time this don't open. Needs immediate attention by App maker
Motilal Oswal:Third class app. I don't understand why Motilal team is giving app update when that Application development is not complete/ Back tested. They are simply spoiling Mr Motilal Oswal and Mr Ramdeo Agarwal name. App is Not recommended to active traders.
Motilal Oswal:We don't need such your new services in your so called new version app.Instead of doing show off things better you should focus on your client convince.And restore older version otherwise you will loose many clients.One more thing if you don't have any analysis team so read all reviews on play Store,so you will get idea what to do n what not to do
Motilal Oswal:The team that has designed this app has not considered that a user may have a bigger urgency to use existing version of the app than upgrading it whereas the app is designed the other way round. I am travelling somewhere and wish to do a couple of transactions but the app is not allowing me to do so unless I update the version. There is not even a prior intimation that an upgrade is in the offing.
Motilal Oswal:The app was already perfect...why Introduce a new buggy app. Can't see orders easily. No reports. Everything is complicated. No simplicity left. Cannot track profit. No square off options. Just pathetic.
Motilal Oswal:App is worst trading software is dummy shown correct time when you buy app run very slow sometimes app is working dummy system is showing very careful all people pl be careful only option trading software and be alert
Motilal Oswal:This app provides great information about the stock market  and helps users earn money. It is easy to use and provides accurate and helpful information. Employee are efficient in their work.
Motilal Oswal:GOOD advisors and support. User interface need to be changed everything is jumbled
Motilal Oswal:this updated version is not user friendly. pls move back to previous app instead of newer version of Motilal Oswal.
Motilal Oswal:Mo investor app is very good for beginners and also very easy to use.its very easy to open this acc.
Motilal Oswal:Why 60 sec time for OTP verification. Old people like me has to search book & pen to enter the four digit code and enter. Not possible in one minute. What us the problem to you if allow five minutes. This shows the mindless making of software. All are not not like you intelligents. I frustated. I want to quit the App itself.
Motilal Oswal:Very useful app and works very well, learned a lot from it, and call service is also very good
Motilal Oswal:Good experience,App UI is clear and good, Good tools and support teams are very Helpful.
Motilal Oswal:App is good. They provide good support as well. You will get quick response as well with relation ship manager. But in terms of app I feel lot more to improve on app performance, work flow (buying and selling can make bit more easy).
Motilal Oswal:In the Holdings report the Total Gain/Loss is overwriting Today's Percentage Gain/Loss. Can't make out either of them. This happens on my phone only and not on others. What can i do to correct this? I changed the default font on my phone and now the above problem is solved.
Motilal Oswal:Motilal Oswal's app is user-friendly with a simple UI for easy trading and stock buying. Huda Menon, my RM, is polite and very helpful, enhancing my experience. Overall, a reliable choice for managing investments efficiently.
Motilal Oswal:Acording to me the app is not to much user friendly . The chart of index is not shown properly, many indicators are also not working properly.... Even on stock also chart is not shown properly....many more improvement need in app....
Motilal Oswal:Great App with Good Technical Support Team. Responds immediately without any delay. Best App for Beginners as they guide you and walk you through all the basic requirements.
Motilal Oswal:New changes are not good. Executing the trade can be used for otp verification. But this new changes is asking for otp every time you click on this app. - Asking to record the voice. - asking for access for pictures. - asking to contacts. - asking for make and receive calls. - logout option is not properly visible..user need to spend some good time to locate the logout button. - account change functionality is not there. Not sure, what this app is trying to achieve by asking such permissions.
Motilal Oswal:This application is very helpful for who are starting trading process .team is supportive but only the problem sometimes application doesn't respond other than that everything else is good..
Motilal Oswal:it's the best app I have tried many apps finally settled on this .the best thing is the news section which is helpful they provide personal advisor which is a great sevice .I recommend this app strongly .there are various guidance programs which are extremely helpful they gave me advice on Marico and it was very helpful for me highly recommended and extremely helpful team . Monty
Motilal Oswal:This is an amazing app! It can replace the default weather app on my phone. Loved your Material Design interface. Ultimately, I was disappointed that widgets are a premium feature, which is why I initially switched to this one from another Material U-styled weather app that didn't have widgets.)
Motilal Oswal:Although most of the features are given in the app but most of the times they do not work. Most times prices are shown as zero. if you need to trade you need to be really lucky because it will show the order form but just when you place it some or the other error will occur. I have send multiple emails about zero price but the issue never resolved.
Motilal Oswal:Rise app is not installed from the version of Google play store. It's taking me back to MO Investor app where I am unable to open MTF account.
Motilal Oswal:very bad Apps. Very Slow. First it cooperates but then it doesn't anymore. Advisors no longer communicate when their affairs are settled. An associate named Riya Maiti started me work but later did not respond to any of my messages or queries. As a result all my gains have turned into losses.
Motilal Oswal:It is good. Can be better in a few aspects: 1. It doesn't differentiate ACE products related ledger operated by MOSL and individual ledger operated by customer. It leads to confusion and mix up. 2. ACE products values are often shown wrongly without updates. 3. When a stock has 20% circuit filter the app doesn't allow placement of orders till 10% temporary limit halt is removed Many other apps allow 20% order placement range. MOSL's this restriction is a disadvantage often.
Motilal Oswal:MO rise App is worst app and we not able to access user friendly, kindly replace old APP please. Old app is very user friendly and easy to use.
Motilal Oswal:Very good App and team approach. Nice assistance by Ms Riya and Mala Madam. Very polite communication and convenient.
Motilal Oswal:Very good and trusted application... There are so helpful people and helping any problem anytime..
Motilal Oswal:A lot of improvements can be noticed. However, the following issues still persists 1. Why does the NSE indice scripts don't get updated post app update? We can not even click and check the script options, add to watchlist etc. 2. The portfolio snapshot updates are not real time. There is a lot of time lag. 3. The portfolio insights has totally stopped working. Don't even remember when that got updated last time. It still shows number of stocks which have been traded a long time ago.
Motilal Oswal:No customer support also from several days app is not opening. I asked room many times to show example how to sell stock but no answer even too many times I send WhatsApp massage no reply. Tried to generate tpin no any action customer care no reply sleeping
Motilal Oswal:Excellent features, easy to manage, and helpful adviser.
Motilal Oswal:Great app, but as a beginner, it is a bit difficult to understand, but staff are helpful. Hope it goes well.
Motilal Oswal:Some many interface glitches. When wifi is on the app is not opening and giving error check network though wifi is perfectly for other devices. When turning off wifi and turn on mobile data it is working . Such a weird problem I have ever seen. And portfolio view of stocks and mf could improve. Unable to add as many watchlists as user wants. Please try to look into these issues.
Motilal Oswal:Lots of call received. Really fed-up with this service. After so many requests it's not stopped.
Motilal Oswal:Poor user interface. Can we have the old app option? I cant even check SWOT analysis of stocks , it overlaps .
Motilal Oswal:Worst service, First they will give one accuracy call and ask us to add review. then advisors won't respond properly. I received almost 10 calls from 3 different advisors only 3 were accurate. And advisors won't respond properly. If we ask about loss they ask us to add more funds. It also has some technical issues like slow performance. Something search also not working properly
Motilal Oswal:Very poor user interface. Specially new users please refrain from this app. Callers dupe you by saying they will trade for you and make a hug profits. And after making losses they will again circle you around the loop of recovering profits. So many phone calls once you make an account. I'm using zerodha for past 3 years but still I get entangled while using this app. Also your unused money will be deducted in the name of different charges. Please refrain from this app if trading is your choice
Motilal Oswal:The last version was very good. In the name of update you just kill the app. It take lots of time to upload data. Market statistics. Very very disappointed. After clearing cache and several reinstall the problem still persist. Very very annoying with your developer. In the name of new features addition you just destroyed the app.
Motilal Oswal:The app is very user friendly, and the staff is very cooperative, they guide the user for stock selections etc.
Motilal Oswal:Experience is very bad.... technical issue always......no proper customer service lot more to say....plzz stay away from this app
Motilal Oswal:Very Poor App. Not user friendly. Slow server response even though good network is avbl. Mainly unable to change the passwords. The app didn't permit to login by displaying message as Change Your Password. But when I proceeded for change of password, no response from server and unable to access my account as my password reset was unsuccessful. Decided to close my DP accounts with MO.
Motilal Oswal:As an active trader, I've been using MO Broking for over a year, and it's fantastic for trading, The overall application is good
Motilal Oswal:the previous version of this application was too good, but the updated version is not so good. here, to see the 52w high or low we have to search and then have to see. too much problematic. I request you to the application developer to built up this app customer friendly application not a complex application. Kindly peovide us the older version otherwise I have to quit it, it's nothing , just a time killing version.
Motilal Oswal:Had a great experience with it. The charts, technical interface, and buying and selling interface are considerably superior to any other platform I have used in the past year. User interfaces have gotten much simpler. Only one recommendation It would be nice if you could include some ready-made software scanners for technical analysis. Videos and suggestions from some industry experts are acceptable, but our own analysis is crucial.The app can occasionally operate very slowly.
Motilal Oswal:old version is better than new one for placing the order.please change it like previous one in which opening stock status and best 5 bid is shown while in new one it is not possible technology is to make the things simple not complicated.please do the needful. new version is really useless.perticularly placing new order is big hurdle.
Motilal Oswal:Fraud company. Posts bill of 10-15 grands at any time and will surprise you. The company does not even care to provide a breakdown of these bills. I lost over 20 grands in just one year, and now I am being compelled to pay debts. There is no option to download the ledger as any bank does.
Motilal Oswal:Explanation given by the team is very good and they are so polite while explaining all the details. I love it.
Motilal Oswal:I wanted to express my appreciation for theexcellent guidance and suggestions Ayushee Mishra provided me with while using the app and exploringinvestment options. Ayushee assistance wasinvaluable in helping me navigate the features ofthe app effectively and understand variousinvestment opportunities. Her explanations wereclear and easy to follow, which made the processmuch smoother for me as a user.
Motilal Oswal:To many discrepancy in the CAGR, Amount invested as well as the fund balances. The app is not upto the mark and not showing the correct information. Even my investment differs. IAP products do not show current gain / loss. What is the point to have the app if we have to call our dealer everytime to get the exact information!
Motilal Oswal:User friendly App for the beginners. The App will guide you to set up a perfect portfolio. Stock baskets are also very good for investment as well as for guidance to set up a portfolio.
Motilal Oswal:It is indeed a preety good app but I humbly request the development team to add points system for stoploss and target so that it becomes easier to trade with. Also please do something about the mo trader website it was my favourite plateform.
Motilal Oswal:"I've been using this app for a few months now, and I'm thoroughly impressed! The app is incredibly user-friendly, with an intuitive interface that makes it easy to navigate and find what I need. The charts and analysis tools are top-notch, and I appreciate the real-time updates and alerts. What really sets this app apart, though, is the educational resources and community support. The tutorials and webinars have helped me improve my trading skills an
Motilal Oswal:It's a very bad platform for beginners. No freedom of doing anything on your choice,always their agent will keep you under their tab and make you do it their way. Too much complications, it's only for pro players.
Motilal Oswal:A one stop solution for beginners, it has a lot of helpful features like stock research and recommendations and it's customer support is also excellent.
Motilal Oswal:According to me my well wisher had suggest MO investers. Motilal Oswal suggestions are pretty reliable, mainly due to the fact that they have been in the industry for over 33 years now. With that much experience they have learnt the stock market by heart and it has only boosted their strength in the compatative app. They guide me well in creating account and stocks to purchase
Motilal Oswal:I think this is the best app for trading.I am using this app last Four years. Beginners can easily understand how he will trade.But new version (Rise app) is to much complicated.old is gold .client r not happy with this new update. I think it will be better for rise app as an another application of Motilal Oswal.
Motilal Oswal:Please revert to old app. You've made a mess of everything. The touch is not working 80% times. It can cause a disaster for option trading. Specially when someone is squaring off quickly at market price. Get the touch fixed asap.
Motilal Oswal:Worse than before. Networth EOD is not displayed. Ledger details are not found. Not customer friendly. Your franchises are also not acquainted well with your current app.
Motilal Oswal:Easy to use. But one serious lacking is that we cannot generate annual financial report for IT purpose in excel format. Also, the history of purchase of every individual scrip is missing. In the portfolio, if we click on the scrip, it must be available. HDFC is providing this. Other issue is that I am unable to add or remove bank account.
Motilal Oswal:I had a great experience with the customer support team while using this to trade futures. They were very responsive and helped me resolve an problem quickly. I highly recommend this for serious traders!
Motilal Oswal:Not show updated value of Share so we don't get any idea when we want To sell..and suddenly it shows down value of share and it May loss of customers which I have faced multiple times. It takes time to reflect. It's critical bug. Also it shows different value both the side i.e portfolio and watchlist that is very misleading to customers..
Motilal Oswal:very confusing and complicated app, not at all user friendly. There's no support from the advisor s, which keep on changing and no communication at all. if you want to get in touch with advisor you can't. Target is only to earn brokerage, with useless research. Brokerage is to high. total fund is exhausted in a week period. fully disappointed .
Motilal Oswal:Lost faith in this app and broker these days where the issue is occurring simultaneously will be switching to other brokers. Even on today its saying that will be able to serve better when network exist. Its an issue with your end. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app also tried logging in through web. Both is giving the same error.
Motilal Oswal:My knowledge of English is minimal, as such my husband is writting on my behalf. The new app has many defects- 1. Foremost defect is the missing Indices Display on top...this cuts off the investor from the market. 2. The sorting of protfolio items has been made complicated... 3. The Profit/Loss statement is gone! 4. Getting a price quote is big exercise now... 5. Placing orders has also become cumbersome... Good point: Filtering portfolio stocks of good fundamentals. But not enough alone.
Motilal Oswal:This is a great app. Overall the UI of the A One app is good. It is easy to use and looks very clean. Unfortunately, it fails in the functionality department. My home feed is 99% random people, not accounts I actually follow, which defeats the purpose of following anyone. I recommend having the home feed only have posts from people I follow and a separate search/discovery page that will show new accounts that post similar content to them. to follow.
Motilal Oswal:"Exceptional trading app with a user-friendly interface and powerful features. This app has truly transformed my trading experience. The intuitive design makes it easy for both beginners and experienced traders to navigate the platform effortlessly. The real-time market data and customizable charts provide valuable insights for making informed decisions.
Motilal Oswal:Why do unnecessary scrips show up on the recently searched page? And there is no way to remove the scrips one does not want to see, there should be an edit watchlist for this page also Very cumbersome everytime one has to buy or sell there is a pop up warning about physical delivery, causing unnecessary delay, also modifying orders is long process
Motilal Oswal:It's totally useless and unable to update the new version.Plz provide alternative or Acess to use old version. Also you people are fooling your customers.Strictly directed to provide the sheets for all balances /profit and loss and first of all make necessary change to get the app download easily for which m trying for last three days.Or provide the access to use old version
Motilal Oswal:Since couple of weeks the app is not stable, it takes lot of time to load even on wifi, manytimes it throws a message we can serve you better once you have the internet signal back. While all other apps are working well why only mo app has connection issues. Something is wrong with the app while loading or connecting the server.
Motilal Oswal:App is good but there are many features that it lacks. For example: Price Alerts, Notification of completion of orders. Gamooga notifications are more helpful if they open security page. If margin plus product is updated to support limit orders then it will be more helpful. The current margin plus needs one to constantly watch the quote/chart. Bill calculations are too opaque. I guarantee that one can never calculate bill same as provided by MOFSL even though one knows the rates of every charge.
Motilal Oswal:It's pretty good game. Graphics is super cool! I have just started playing recently but it's very much additive and fun, I don't miss a day without playing this game. But, like many says that some upgrade takes long period of time (in terms of days), Yeah it really takes a time but I don't mind for that instead I request the developer to make a queue system, where we can keep our building in queue while the other is building. It will safe out time and upgrading time will also be shorter.
Motilal Oswal:I recently started using the Motilal Oswal Trading app and I am impressed with its functionality and user friendly interface. The app is easy to navigate and the speed of transactions is impressive. One of the features I particularly like is the dashboard, which provides a comprehensive view of my portfolio and market updates. The app also offers a range of investment options, making it convenient to manage my investments on the go. Still No issue found in app.
Motilal Oswal:Some of the things are very good..but some need improvement! 1. Making TRADING items a seperate block and put all trade related items there in. 2. All other items should be put in one or more blocks as per their characteristics! 3. TRADING BLOCK : 3.1 List all Acts 3.2 Give option for Guidance for every act 3.3 Provide facility for Graphs 3.4 Show best 5, total buy sell,volume,average etc for every scrip 3.5 Give real time prices in Order Window 3.6 Pop ups to stay longer More later!!
Motilal Oswal:This is a great app. Overall the UL of A One App is good. It's easy to use and looks very neat. Unfortunately, it fails in the functionality department. My home feed is 99% random people, not accounts .I suggest having the home feed only have posts from people I follow and having a separate search/discovery page that will show new accounts that post content similar to them. To follow
Motilal Oswal:It is a great and user friendly application. Even beginners will not face any difficulty in learning and using the App,. Its tools are very simple, exhaustive and minute to the core in reaching the Target Recommended in Trading & Investment,(short term, longterm and all types of securities products of India and overseas). Salute to the all the teams involved in shaping this App so user friendly and simple one
Motilal Oswal:The issue still persists. Tech team is not able to resolve the issue. They say, ACT is causing the issue. But with the same ACT, I am intermittently, able to login. They are unable to understand the issue. In the last few days, not able to open the app in my mobile. It gives me error like, 'we can serve you better once internet signal is back'....this error is misleading...all my other apps are working and internet is available.
Motilal Oswal:Earlier, the PORTFOLIO section displayed segment wise gain/loss position as well as the Networth. These facilities are missing for the past few days. I sent a detailed mail supported by screen shot. In spite of that, the support team is not capable of understanding the query. Sometime back, I asked the formula for arriving the Networth in the PORTFOLIO SECTION. They did not understand the query. The support team requires intensive training atleast to understand the meaning of the queries raised.
Motilal Oswal:Good self trading platform. Lot of useful updates everyday to keep track of the shares. But there is one problem, they keep on changing the App Interface which is very confusing. Everytime we become familiar to one interface they change it which is a problem. They should atleast stick to one Interface and run it for longer period so Investors become familiar to it and can trade without confusion.
Motilal Oswal:Hey, After an update, i can't auto fill my details in my username and password slot. I have Samsung note 10 plus, which have Samsung pass to maintain my data to auto fill, it's to secure and advance technology. So, please give us a options of auto fill in this app as well , you gave us in mo trade.
Motilal Oswal:Very complicated and unfriendly app to use. Unable to place a simple sell order. Besides this, the brokerage is way too high. in the name of cashback they push the subscribers to do over-trading. Overall worst app. Too much of talk and nothing in terms of returns so far, all incorrect and misleading recommendations by their so called investment advisers. Rating 1 star as that is the least rating available
Motilal Oswal:It's a great Application and I have not faced any major issues from the date I have installed it. From last few days I am facing very peculiar issue. When I start the app, a message appearing stating 'We can serve you better once you have your internet signal back'. I have proper internet connection all the time when this message is appearing. I am not able to open the app at all. Please help.
Motilal Oswal:Not happy with the new RISE app. It keeps forgetting my login at the time of Order placement. The interface navigation is too deep for usually used screens. The tickers are too crowded with information and the change is shown in % and not in the absolute value which is friendly as a common user.
Motilal Oswal:New app is third class, charts are needed at all place like in search of any NSE BSE, my holdings but it is not available, to check performance of any thing to buy sell need to add in watch list, why ?? Is charts are chargeable so you are hiding them from all the screen. If charts are not available how to check performance of any share ?? Useless cheap app.
Motilal Oswal:Good and user friendly app, I recommend this is the best app for beginners And best service given by Avinash sir on time service and help give to me thank you both of to team
Angel Broking:It is really an great app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of months. The best problem is that the screen flashes s in some area when you want the level. The app is showing, securet d, and regulars updated with great features. without having to good through the planing sounds screen once again. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try screen twice. The property ground practices with the high quality of physical. Thanks.
Angel Broking:It is really an great app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of months. The problem is that the screen flashes m in some are a when you want the level. The platform is showing, securev, and impression updated with great features. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try screen twice. The property ground roundeg with the high quality of images. without having to good through the planing sounds screen once again. Thanks.
Angel Broking:It's really an outstanding app. But there are a few things didn't like. But everything was seen for the last past couple of years. The platform is fast, secure m, and important update with old features. The problem is that the screen ss size fish d in some stage when you want the level. The property ground planring with the high quality of photos. without having to good through the disbeared sounds screen once again. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try screen trice. Thanks.
Angel Broking:It is really an fantastic app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of months. The app is showing, secures, and wonderful updated with new features. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try screen twice. The property ground planing with the high quality of physical. without having to good through the beginning sounds screen once again. The second problem is that the screen disflashes in some point when you want the level. Thanks
Angel Broking:It's an excellent app. But everything was seen for the last past couple of months. But there are a few things don't like it. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try again screen. The second problem is that the screen distributed in some stages when you good the level. The property ground constantly with the high quality of photos. The property ground it was very important that not only of though had gone. without having to good through the capturing past screen once again. Thanks.
Angel Broking:It's really a great app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the lost past couple of months. The platform is best, friendly, and faster updated with smooth features. The property ground plannig with the high quality of images. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try screen twince. without having to great through the beginning sounds scream once again. The main problem is that the screen blanked n in some areas when you want the level. Thanks.
Angel Broking:It's great app but, I've not had an issue with anything so far, even the ads, which have gotten longer and more in number. But in the past week or so, I've not been able to play any short without it freezing after the first 2-5 seconds and not moving forward. This is happening for every Short, regardless of the creator or the connection I'm on. Pls fix this bug. Even on the updated app, the bug hasn't been resolved.
Angel Broking:It's really an great app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of days. The problem is that the screen disqualified in some point when you want the level. The app is showing, securedim, and wonderful updated with new features. The property ground planing with the high quality of physical. without having to good through the planing sounds screen once again. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try screen twice. Thanks.
Angel Broking:It is really an excellent app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of months. The app is showing, securea p, and impression updated with new features. The main problem is that the screen disflashes in some point when you want the level. The property ground planing q with the high quality of images. without having to good through the beginning sounds screen once again. But it shows that there is a problem and should try screen twice. Thank
Angel Broking:It is really awesome app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past eleven of months. The main problem is that the screen disflashes in some parts when you choose the level. The app is real, securep d, and jet updated with many features. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try screen switce. without having to good through the beginning sounds screen once again. The property ground planing p with the high quality of physics. Thanks.
Angel Broking:It is really an excellent app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of months. The main problem is that the screen disflashep in some point when you want the level. The app is showing, secureq, and powerful updated with new features. The property ground aroundm with the high quality of photos. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try screen twice. without having to good through the planing sounds screen once again. Thanks.
Angel Broking:It is realy amazing app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of months. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try again screen. The property ground practical with the high quality of images.The app is fast, secure, and continue updated with new features. The second problem is that the screen disclaimers in some stages when you want the level. without having to good through the period sounds screen once again. Thanks. indvssa
Angel Broking:1..When we change the chart settings in any index and save its layout, then when we open the chart of any stock or premium later, the default layout appears again, so fix it... and layout means the background of the chart, candles color etc... 2...And secondly, when we buy the premium of any index, then nothing is written in the lots about the quantity, so 1 lot should be written like this by default, so sir, please bring this option also because this is available in all the brokers..
Angel Broking:It's really an great app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of month's. The problem is that the screen chromium co in some stages when you want the level. The property ground rounded with the high quality of browser. without having to good through the emotional sounds screen once again. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try screen them. The platform is secure, reliable, and perfect with great features. Thanks.
Angel Broking:There is a lot of loading app, videos for no reason, unnecessary data is kept, it is very dangerous for trading, sometimes it doesn't show orders for a few minutes, because of which you can't exit, sometimes it takes two to four minutes for the chart to load, sometimes Hourly chart does not open, chart does not move on PC. These are only unnecessary data and video sources on the app.
Angel Broking:I have been using this app for 5 years now. It has been a good experience but i have been facing a problem for a couple of months which can lead me to switch apps. Whenever I add a indicator such as Ema, Macd, others, it's just doesn't reflect on my screen. If I can't use any indicators then what's the use of the app. I have already tried reinstalling it and stuff... Still it doesn't goes away Well the link you gave isn't working.... Kudos
Angel Broking:Superb app!! With so many capabilities, the Angle One app provides an easy-to-use interface that everyone can use. Unlike other apps, it's not overly complex, and I especially like the performance and interface. For traders with multiple orders, however, lowering brokerage would be advantageous. After a year of use, I found the withdrawal and deposit options on the app to be quite convenient, with withdrawals being credited within three hours. It's great for trading with outstanding research.
Angel Broking:Worst app, not able to reactivate my account. If I click on reactivate it shows "something went wrong". Just today I started a fresh SIP and played already. Don't know what's going to happen to that. I request you to please connect to an agent when we call, which you guys won't. I need the response asap.
Angel Broking:The latest update has significantly deteriorated the performance of the Angel One trading app. It's become very slow, charts fail to load correctly, and executing buy/sell orders is now a cumbersome task. These issues were not present before the update. Please fix these problems quickly to restore the app's functionality.
Angel Broking:Thia is my genuine thought on this app. I've been using this app for years not but unfortunately this apps has become of my nightmare at the present time there're glitches thers are hang of the app, not one but more then 2 times my order got misplaced because of that and i ended up in red at time so i think it's about time i should say good bye to one of my favourite broker, its really hard for me as well but its not worth using angel one anymore.
Angel Broking:The app is a fantastic one, easy interface, detailing are good enough also. Very good for beginners as well as professionals. Customer support team is very helpful. Would be more happy if any brokerage plan available for intraday section.
Angel Broking:This is amazing app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of weeks. The second problem is that the screen discovery in some stages when you want the level. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try again screen. without having to good through the capturing price screen once again. The property ground members with the high quality of images. the property ground it was very particular that not only of though had gone. Thanks.
Angel Broking:The app is really good and all, but recently I am having problems opening it also. The chart is extremely slow and frequently fails to open, even after several restarts. Frequent updates confuse users, affecting their understanding of portfolio data such as the most recent price and quantity. The second or third last variant was the best, representing profit/loss in blue/red. The app also displays a "No data available" message, and the website is showing offline to me. Thanks
Angel Broking:This is really excellent app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of months. But it shows that there is an issue and I should try again screen. The app is fast, reliable, and constantly updated with latest features. The property ground pratical with the high resolution of images. without having to good through the period sounds screen once again. The second problem is that the screen disclaimers in some stages when you want the level.
Angel Broking:This is fantastic app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of months. The second problem is that the screen dismantling in some stages when you good the level. The property ground cropping with the high photos of copy. the property ground it was very marvellous that not only of though had gone. without having to good through the important sounds screen once again. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try again screen. Thanks.
Angel Broking:Became worst app, firstly today's profit & overall profit screen are not synchronised, I am having profit but showing loss on screen, order numbers are not shown, the chart indicators that we set gets removed in every 10-15 days automatically, you have to again set them, it's very frustrating, sometimes the chart indicators are removed so that you can not set any chart, overall it's not user friendly, better moving to zerodha or grow
Angel Broking:It's an okay app. But the way they charge extra for every little thing should be explained in the fund transfers option. It becomes really confusing. Also the 5x, 3x option in intraday is gone? Idk why did they do this. App is getting worse everyday. Charts also keep refreshing after going to a specific date. Too frustrating.
Angel Broking:I'm using this app from last three years. My experience not so good because when someone is trading and app not showing actual data, it's very bad, main screen showing some other price, chat showing some other price,how an individual can trade it's very difficult to manage in such situations. I faced this problem 6 time in last three years but an individual can loss all his hard earned money in one day. So if possible kindly do some needful, otherwise better to switch somewhere else.
Angel Broking:very upset to tell you that when I buy at lower price and market shoot at very high, at that time your app disabled either for sell or showing pending. And enable for users when user loose money heavily instead user could make a profofit of huge. This is happening not for a single time, but happening day to day basis. When trying to reach over telephone,it is very frustrating that call keeps on hold for several times and then disconnected. It is really understood that you are really fraud.
Angel Broking:Why there is so much update in the application, alot of choppyness happened in the application. Hanging, not updating portfolio on time make very disgusting during operation. Just kindly resolve the issue and let the application simple for the users. Updating application is ok but it's operational activities must be smooth. Please check and resolve the glitches.
Angel Broking:This is fantastic app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of years. The second problem is that the screen discleaning in some stages when you want the level. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try again screen. without having to good through the portraits shots screen once again. the property ground it was very delicate that not only of though had gone. The property ground All rounder the high quality of passion. Thanks.
Angel Broking:"I recently downloaded this app to track positions on live charts, but unfortunately, it didn't meet my expectations. Despite clicking the cross icon, my position failed to close, resulting in unexpected losses. I'm extremely disappointed in the app's performance and would advise others not to download it."
Angel Broking:I did a loss due to your glitches. When the price of any option fluctuates drastically, this app freezes for few secs. Also, whenever I cancel a order, it gets cancelled after few secs, in between if the limit price reaches the market prize, the order gets executed. Also I can't understand robo order. If my target price is set as any particular prize, app executes the order less then my trigger prize
Angel Broking:Angel One app takes too long to load compared to Groww app, which has a faster loading speed. Please resolve this issue. 23-7-2024 "Just a reminder: I have noticed for the past week that the Angel One app takes too long to load, especially when trying to apply for an IPO. It takes about a minute to open after clicking the option. Please resolve this issue. For example, apps like Groww, Upstox, and Zerodha load quickly without any delay."
Angel Broking:Worst for mutal fund. Placed 2 orders both the orders was canceled one by one but in app order section it's still showing is in progress. No changes in order section worst experience with the app 2nd issue i deposit money on friday the amount is disappeared in the trading balance what is going with the application really disappointed with the app
Angel Broking:Taking so much to load chart and other options. Sometimes data is not updated. Candles are not showing correct result. Vary bad platform for trading. Only good for investment. Taking so much brokerage for trading but not giving service upto the mark. Facing lot of issues even network connectivity is excellent. Sometimes all charts & indicators are disappeared. It's very difficult for investors to build their strategy. It's working with only 5G & WiFi. It's not working with 3G & 4G also
Angel Broking:Terrible experience! I completed all the compulsory steps but in the 'preview application opening form' tab they are saying 'something went wrong. We are working on it.' it has been 2 days now since this happened. I request angle one team to fix this irritating problem as soon as possible.
Angel Broking:Of all the big brokers out there, Angel one has the worst platform of all. The poorest user interface, least useful features and a platform that is so unreliable it fails miserably far too often to trust. It's shameful and I am honestly considering switching my entire trading volume to a more reliable platform. Horrible is the word
Angel Broking:App is normal not a excellent one the landing page is fully filled with many properties and description which detach your concentration it is better to accumulate features discription on side panel or set up in up head with fine colourful signs otherwise app is very smoothly working in all modes ,chart is so zigzag not a fresh ,you have to search every key location that where it moves on,so I suggesttotake a look on Grow chart and it's panel Head where all modes and features are at one place.
Angel Broking:Features required: If I have sorted any watchlist on the basis of any option, just store that as a data. Everytime I open, I have to sort it again and again. Why multiple times the stock can be added in a single watchlist, there is no need for it to add the same one in the single watchlist Give some feature which shows and group the stocks as per sector in the watchlist And also make the UX better for the portfolio screen. The total value seems to be a P&L and the actual P&L is in small
Angel Broking:Worst Experience, My application is on hold since a week. I am trying to get the issue resolved by providing the supporting documents. But no support team is helping me for that also, they have mentioned their support team reach out to me to get the issue. None of the teams reached me. Evn helping me to resolve this issue. Don't download this app.
Angel Broking:Very much disappointing while using the application. At the middle of trading app not responding. Some of pages like ipo page are not opening either after restart or reinstall the app. After update it is happening with me. My net connection is strong enough for everything,but glitches are there in angel one application
Angel Broking:i found everything in this app that need as a investor or trader app design and interface is very good but angle one should improve person details section in my point of view other things I found very simple and systematic in this app. i found account closing option also easily in this app other app makes account closing process very default but angle one focus on totally customer point of view I am using angle one since 2 year 8 feel very comfortable with this app. you make super app thankyou
Angel Broking:Last week I had some problem with adding funds in app , support team helped me on this issue and fixed on the basis of hight priority. Excellent support team.
Angel Broking:Chart doesn't work properly. The app is not running smoothly, Excessive lag. Entry levels and SL levels are not visible on option charts. Charging so much brokerage but services are not up to standard. Useless pathetic app. They only care about their brokerage charges.
Angel Broking:Great interface and speed also. Stop showing the message at bottom after order placement or change location. it hides profit and loss. Added a star for grouping positions in web interface. Very good change. Ability to drag the orders in basket so that buy orders are placed first to avail margin benefit
Angel Broking:Very Bad app, when I exit from my trade it still continue and not exited. From it I lost my much amount. Second When I place a order to buy it buy from a different price than the market price. Because of that I also lost my money. Now I stopped using this platform. Very Bad experience.
Angel Broking:Today It did not allowed to exit profit position in crude oil. After few hours it is working to modify order. Shameful things. Very poor service and experience.. Sometimes it's graph are not working. It's totally blank sometimes.. Very Bad.
Angel Broking:There is no option to remove the not required bank account, it's so frustrating for such simple thing who even likes to call customer support. It's not at all user friendly application. I would suggest to go for alternative brokerage apps. There is no data security in this app. Money is never safe in this ridiculous app. I'm stuck in this
Angel Broking:It's a very good trading platform. One of the best app in the market for technical analysis and chart reading. But from few days it's landscape mode is not working. Kindly resolve this issue.
Angel Broking:Worst service and customer experience. Firstly, there is no Customer support dial in number and the one mentioned on site is not reachable 18001020 (seems in correct). Also, the services like funds transfer, account handling and worsen to such great extent that I have faced losses at multiple instances. Not at all worth using this. Would not recommend to any one and me too trying to exit at the earliest and switch to done other broker.
Angel Broking:The overall application is good but many times it does not update the values and we have to clear cache and then re-start the mobile to get it worked. during trading hours it's really frustrating and loss making. for commodities when we check options chain, it does not show the latest ATM value. shows the old one value. will update more later.
Angel Broking:No doubt, this is perfect app. I've been using the Angel One App, and because of its feature-rich features and easy-to-use layout, it has really enhanced the way I manage my assets. It makes keeping track of your portfolio and finding new investment options easier. To make investment performance more visible over time, it would be a good idea to include a tool that allows users to view the entire profit or loss on the share market. The app is impressive due to its easy-to-use interface.
Angel Broking:This is realy amazing app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But anushka spent for the last past couple of months. The second problem is that the screen discucumber in some stages when you want the level. without having to good through the intiaigident show screen once again. But it shows that there is a problem and I should try again screen. the property ground it was very fastest that not only of though had gone. The property ground water with the high furious of images. Thanks.
Angel Broking:overall the experience is good I am editing this review nearly after using angel one for a year. It is so convenient and easy to use the ui is solid and very simple to use. But only nearly in a week i am facing an issue of the app crashing after tapping on some options or menu. Hope this will be fixed soon! But the experience is great
Angel Broking:This is realy great app. But there are a few things didn't like it. But everything was seen for the last past couple of months. Charts do not stream live, necessitating numerous time frame adjustments to see live candles. This issue affects both the app and the online application. Sudden significant movements cause the position, order, and watchlist to become blank, blocking order placing or adjustment. Logging in using a browser on a laptop to exit positions is similarly slow. Chart performance
Angel Broking:Showing ads on tv ,fast , secure, reliable. Seriously, not fast enough to open chats, sometimes when I open finnifty chart,app opens Nifty chart. When you want to close open position it doesn't let you close. Worst app ever even brokerage is high and her recommendation on option is like a child 5 yr giving trade recommendation on every support,don't recommend to anyone
Angel Broking:Sort by option under watchlist are not working when relogin the app. Everytime rearrange all stocks as the existing unsorted sequence,no save Both Android and iOS have same observation, raised multiple times but unable to resolve by technical team, disgusting. Had a Call once three months back and narrated the issue to the team, acknowledged the issue happened at their end also, said issue will be resolved in next update but yet not resolved, it seems the issue not identified by the testing team
Angel Broking:Very unstable. Many times the app closes itself, sometime after thumb unlock it asks for password to open the app. Sometimes it shows OTP login screen with phone number but OTP never comes, and if try to edit phone number doesn't allow editing. Login only with customer ID. If a trade chart fails to load and we check another trade chart, it shows the failed trade chart. Again I have to go back and recheck the 2nd trade chart.
Angel Broking:Updated review: I appreciate Angel ones recent layout update and changes. Everything is quick and within reach while trading. However one major feedback which I believe is a game changer- Kindly change the stop loss order system in such a way where a user can quickly edit an stop Loss order into a market sell order. Similar to zerodha, Right now A User would have to first cancel and then sell. This can lead to unexpected losses. The Stocks screen can display events on the portfolio itself.
Angel Broking:Few bugs noticed recently: 1.When the phone region is set to outside India (Germany), the decimal system goes corrupt from time to time. 2.Sometimes after the market has closed, the app doesn't remember the average buying cost of a stock, and thereby shows very high daily profit margins. works great otherwise.
Angel Broking:Why does Angel have to remove all the Indicators and Filter I apply every now and then. It's so annoying. Also earlier it used to show daily's gain/loss on Invested value, now it shows on Total Portfolio value. Disclaimer: I reduced my ratings for the same. Edit: Happened again...so yes I continue to face the same issue again and again.
Angel Broking:As an active trader, I've been using Angle One Broking for over a year, and it's fantastic for trading. The platform is user-friendly, with excellent research tools and timely insights. Customer support is responsive, and the brokerage rates are competitive. Highly recommend it to all traders!
Angel Broking:Overall good app but The platform is unsuitable for trading owing to delayed chart and option loading, erroneous candle outcomes, and frequent data update errors. Despite the high brokerage fees, the service is mediocre, with constant issues even on good network connections. Charts and indicators frequently disappear, hurting strategy development, and the platform only supports 5G and WiFi, failing on 3G and 4G. Furthermore, the options function is unreliable. The mobile app often hangs.
Angel Broking:Very confusing app for investment. Nothing is clear. If I compare them Groww seems to be a much better option for investment. Everything is very complicated here in your application. Everytime a manual payment creates a new SIP. Totally frustrating.
Angel Broking:The over all app is too good but one thing I don't like about this app is when I'm login this app is always show my name with my mobile no details this things not good because we are traveling via train bus or anyother mode this thing not good na. I don't have any problem why always shows my details on login page if you take this review serieusaly please react on the same. Waiting for your confirmation about the same . Thanks
Angel Broking:The app and it's UI are very good and attractive also app is working best. All market related update also helpful. BUT one thing I suggest you First of all givee the sector name of stock and there peer. One thin should be added and that is the sector support to stock and a separate all sectors list with there stock. Also can add something Like chart pattern Different time' breakout All time high This service will make this app superb
Angel Broking:Editing the review after 1.5 years, Angel one has improved the app. Interface in the better way. Still some improvement is pending to be done. After the market close chart price and index price is not matching each other's. Like is you will check the index price on the chart and in the table both will not match. Changing the rating from 1 to 4 Great job guys.
Angel Broking:Order wrongly place stuck and exit not working many times in a day. You should focus on record your session rather than trading. They don't have tracking system if you reach to them with issue. I lost many orders where I was on profit but exit with huge loss. Charges are very high.
Angel Broking:Fairly Good app and low cost of transaction. The Angel recomnendations are not reliable and most of the time their recommendations give losses. Better trade on your own research or contra to Angel recommendations. The app doesn't give name of Security with pledge/unplugged charges. This creates misunderstanding. As in case of Shares holding tray, you can't directly go to trading window.
Angel Broking:very useful, glitch free...some feature can be improved, e.g. charting shall be saved for profile and needn't to be done every week. Guys, what I meant, like trading view, u open the chart and draw many lines, support/ resistance, trend line etc. Or fibonacci lines, However these lines disappears every week. Ideally these should be saved for a particular user and show every time u open a chart. Also the functions get disappears after some time e.g. triple SMA, EMA line, RSI etc.
Angel Broking:For latest update as on 30 April 2024 Very disgusting update. No indicators are saved. Every day have to create new one. Useless update The new update is having some bugs. When we tap on stock search, it opens another screen, there again have to tap on search area to show the keyboard. It should show the keyboard directly when opening the another screen... Double work. It wastes the time. Please correct it.
Angel Broking:Hard to open some time showing that you are not connected to network please check your network and that time other trading apps works well. Very disgusting service from angel one no response from angel team for solutions for any query always glitch in charts and option prices . And I have checked my connectivity with different network and wifi also but there is no change the app always hand and gives glitches support team repeatedly asking to do same thing to me that you should clear your cache
Angel Broking:Everything is good but just one gripe, if the chart of any index or stock fails to open for just once how much you try it won't open next time unless you close and reopen the app. The desktop version is much better.
Angel Broking:installed the app and provided the documents before 2 weeks. it is still showing as we have received your documents and will require 3 working days to complete the verification..... now the worst part is you get reply about submit details but non working message link. Really pathetic service if you try to open account on your own.
Angel Broking:Chart layouts not saved properly..If i save layout for first stocks and want to continue to the next all stocks within the watchlist.It doesnt works and again i have to change it which is tedious and repeatative.Also increase the limit of the stocks limit from 50 to 100 at least.Should provide the feature of import stocks list from txt or excel files.
Angel Broking:Not a good platform for mutual fund they are not provided withdrawal request. Also not responding to your reply. Also they can't receive our call. Am waiting for my sip fund withdrawal request from 2 months but still my money not received. Also I have raised ticket many times on app but they not solved my problem but without solving my problem they closed tickets. So please be aware from Angel one. Same problem faced by my many friends.
Angel Broking:When ever I open the charts all the layouts, indicators,notes, drawings are removed overnight. The problem persists even after update. It's becoming very difficult to trade as all the data are gone in blink of an eye. It's been four days straight I am suffering this nasty issue. Please resolve.
Angel Broking:Your apps is not working properly, It's been crashing again and again, It gets stuck between trading, the chart of banknifty indices does not load properly, I have to restart the app again and again but still the problem is not resolved, Today I opened the app and what i come to know that all the levels I had drawn are gone from all the indices like Nifty & Banknifty, I am very much disappointed and unsatisfied with angle one, I switched to Angel one because of its good user interface.
Angel Broking:Don't install it. There are so many glitches. If you are option trader. You are definitely booked in loss. Last week, due to glitches, i wouldn't update or trailing my SL. For this i booked loss at so much time. And there are another fact that angel one was being hacked so much time. Your data is not secure. I am definitely complain to SEBI. So, don't use it. Use Dhan
Angel Broking:It's very irritating that app doesn't refresh quickly..when enter from another window..it gets sticked and have to close and restart app. There shall be immediately refresh for better experience. Also chart doesn't open ..gets hanged in chart screen.. All shall be fast please
Angel Broking:How can I close my demate account. It didn't provide option to delete account. It became very painful for me. I add money from different account but Angle Broking send money in Paytm account that is not in use. I received my money in another account but very late. Too much irritating. I suggest to leave this application. Developers are outdated.
Angel Broking:This app is the most inconvenient and impractical. Trading Intraday in scalping method is impossible! Buy is delayed for several seconds! To modify Stop Loss you need to back out from your position screen leaving the chart. When you finish SL you need to search the Chart again!
Angel Broking:App is not at all working properly from morning and not at all showing withdrawal amount.. Customer support is making to wait for longer time and call is being disconnected. Stupid app.. Got loss because of this app due to technical difficulties
Angel Broking:I don't understand how this application is being maintained. It was good earlier now a days all the trading data is showing fake. After placing it will not show at open position sometimes and whatever holdings are there it will show higher levels and lower level which makes the trader anxious and upset. Please maintain the application properly then do the publicity.
Angel Broking:Worst app for trading. Chart lagging, trade execution is very very slow after punching trade it takes 10 seconds or more to punch trade. Everytime chart become refresh and go into auto mote itself. All option like buying selling button, indicator button , chart expand button, search button all disappear. Worst experience with the app. Even this app deserves 0 star but i have to give 1 atleast.
Angel Broking:With mobile network app connectivity performance is very poor. The Mobile network speed is 970 kbps when i have registered this complaint. Able to access most if regular google sites. I thing should be enough to fetch the stock statistics data.
Angel Broking:Worst app in case of service. Not customer friendly service. After deleting the data of old account, new account is not open in that same number which is worst. Actually angel one want to show it's number of customer greater than other broker. That's why it doesn't allow to open another demat account open in same number after deleting old account. #boycottangelone
Angel Broking:Third class app. I have to submit my documents but there are still showing we have received your documents and it may take upto 3 working days. But I submitted my documents on 16 July and now the date was 22. 7 days goes but they are still showing Anybody don't install this app
Angel Broking:It's impossible to reach their customer support. I call their support number 15-20 time but doesn't connect you with their support agent their ivr will never recognise even if you are calling from a registered phone number. even in the app there no option to connect with any human.
Angel Broking:With each update there is new bug left for user to deal with. Now, The chart keep on crashing. There is no option to raise ticket for App related issues. User interface keep changing very frequently. It is very difficult to trade.
Angel Broking:angel one was the best app for option trading and i referred to many friends but since january i am facing the problem that premium suddenly freeze nd i complained about it vie email . i could not booked the profit just because of the glitch that premium was freezed , i looks like intentionally you guys are doing this. it's clearly manipulation ,its not just a mobile game we trust you and we are doing business on your field.you know very well how 1 second is important for option trading.
Angel Broking:Very poor performance, I place orfery at 9.16am which he didn't accept even not showing in order.. also there have no option to select qty ... Working in qty not in lots.. specially when you are option buyers.. must give option to select qty which is easy for us.. otherwise I need shift other platform.. not good performance this app
Angel Broking:There is a lot of problem in the last update, the app runs slow, you put the indicator on the chart after a few minutes, when you come back to the app, the indicator disappears and you have to set it back, there is a lot of problem with the trading charts, it takes time to load and put the indicator. It disappears
Angel Broking:Best app in share market trading but in last update why you removed the two buttons to execute trades 1. Convert to market and 2. Exit at market, please add this two buttons to make it more easy to execute trades. And please add feature that we can directly buy and sell from chart this is currently available but it when you buy or sell from chart it opens order window but we need like how we can execute trades in angel one website with only one tap buy and sell.
Angel Broking:App is good but there is no option to delete unwanted bank accounts. We have to reach out to the suppprt team and my experience with the support team hasn't been good. If you can add the delete option for bank accounts it will be very helpful.
Angel Broking:I am very happy with the experience. One thing that I am not satisfied is I have two different account so to switch account I have to always ask for otp and login. They should have feature of allowing multiple login and just to switch when need.
Angel Broking:The app getting worst day by day.Even on 5G network it's takes so much time on option chain and charts to open.Sometimes it's not show the executed order.Gliches keeps happening.I have been using this since 3-4 years buts but from pas few months it was horrible experience using this app.Time to switch to another platform...
Angel Broking:This app has been a very bad experience for demat account activation. I have been waiting for the past three weeks for account activation, but there has been no response from the customer care support team. I have also sent an escalation email, but still, there has been no response. I strongly suggest using another app for demat account services.
Angel Broking:The worst app ever... My open orders section was stuck after buying a trade... Even I didn't get time to limit the stop loss. I called while customer care, they are least helpful.... Worst app.... Angel one, new players in market are doing better than you, stop advertising and put that advertising value in improving your application....
Angel Broking:Overall the app is fantastic but when it comes to TV charts it didn't save anything reset automatically to default settings, indicator & there's no sync between different platform
Angel Broking:Cheap tactics. Calculates wrong amounts and charges. App does not show my amount. I have not received information about my profits. I am unable to download contract notes of trades dated 23/07/24. There was profit of more than Rs. 20000/-. I could not use my amount. Disgusting tactices. Noone replied despite of raising tickets.
Angel Broking:Ticket #13870897, Double candle on monthly chart..app get frozen.. My fund added successfully but cant see in app? Unable to contact support too..fno fund blocked!! Why? I don't believe on social media rumours but I felt it by experience. So much lagging today. And chart misbehaving and not match with real-time data. Instead of reach to me solve the issues. Must need derivatives tab in my portfolio stocks.
Angel Broking:It always lags often when I was in the field of option trading as I tap the exit button it unable to process my order instantaneously but it waits for 2 second almost to sell my order where I often got so many losses another thing is many times in my portfolio there is lot of glitches sometimes it shows ltp rise by 80 percent or the portfolio is in negative and many more glitches and sometimes after the market open the positive stocks shows to me in negative. Overall I m not confident with ts ap
Angel Broking:Very Bad customer service. I gave one star because of not provided option to give 0 star. They blocked account due to reason of email not verified after the two mantha later of opening the account while mails receiving on daily basis. If mail not verified than how is possible to received daily trade mail. The customer care executive disconnected the call after put the same on hold for half an hour & those happened very usual times.
Angel Broking:Worst trading application. I'm closing my account on angel one because this is the worst application I have ever used, anything is this application is not working properly you have taken so many attempts for simple buying and selling of the stocks. Something it automatically sells my stocks even after removing sl and when I read the reason of selling it was clearly showing that it is because of sl. The only thing which works properly in their application is their irritating notification
Angel Broking:Too many contents are being displayed on a single screen and repeat same content again and again. Not easy to use. LIKE .. KHICHDI. Request make easy, simple and UI.
Angel Broking:Totaly worst app!! I started the account opening process 6 months ago but my account has not been created yet and neither does the customer care pick up my calls nor do they respond to my application. It is a completely useless app.
Angel Broking:Angelones new web platform is wholesome unusable. Charts are not saving/ no auto saving function Indicator customisations are not getting saved If you leave chart 5-10 min inactive, it gets hanged & lots of stuttering After refresh current chart layout goes off. Every time I need to load chart layout.
Angel Broking:Do not use Angle! They will charge you any unnecessary fee on any context and will NOT refund. I have been charged for dp charges but never in last 4 years I have made any sell of share. But after complaining they are trying to shift charges on some other context which is legally incorrect. I'm handling still handling the issue but to any new user, use Angle and it's services on your own RISK!
Angel Broking:This is worst app, How many times I explained my issues, so many emails sent to Top management and messages on X, and everytime stupid answer. It's really frustrated and I know you are not doing anything except asking the question, same thing happened last 2 months. #HateToAngleOne.
Angel Broking:In this update the charts are not switching to landscape mode while viewing in landscape. Please look into it. It was there in previous version.
Angel Broking:Despite providing all the mandatory details, my account has been inactive for the past 12 days.I have attempted to connect with Angel One customer support multiple times, but unfortunately, no one has been able to assist me effectively. My account was deactivated without any valid reason, and Angel One told that it was due to my bank account being registered with multiple Demat accounts. I have explained multiple times that I specifically opened my IDFC First Bank account solely for the purpose
Angel Broking:Many of the times the app is not working properly and even if you complain about it, angel support team deny any issue. And customer care drop you out often before even getting connected. I am still looking if anyone can help.
Angel Broking:Don't use this app. It's had very glitch at every time. Some time order was not placesd, GTT and Stoploss order was made disposing every time. If I'm place order with sufficient amount it's not place the order it's showing insufficient.
Angel Broking:App getting pathetic day by day. App automatically gets reset. Many times app loggs out automatically and i have to login through otp and because of that all my important markings and saved templets are getting vanished. So so so annoying. My money is involved and this app is harassing like hell. Even customer support close the complain without solving problem. No proper reply of the email and no follow up from the team at all
Angel Broking:App is good but backend team doesn't respond to any of your tickets or concerns. I have submitted nominee details 10 days back till now it is under process.my signature issue is also going on from past 10 days. In this terms zerodha is amazing even if they charge you 20 or 30 for every service. Zerodha's response to our concerns is super. But where as in angel one the app is good but backend team is worst.
Angel Broking:New virson is so Bad.. Please release old version... Or we have to switch others. Order stucked today. We are in profit but it exits in loss too much glitch... Very bad experience. Please update with 0 star rating or in negative. So that we can share our wrost experience here. Bad experience, chart not loading on time
Angel Broking:Requesting to all please don't do trading on this platform as charges are very high like looting the customers. If you make profit or loss , they will charge you from your fund and from your profit losses also. And if you ask about it, they will give you gol mol answer that this is our genuine charges. And don't go on reviews, they are paid and fake.
Angel Broking:Worst app for trading in the market. Please do not download or open account on it ! It doesn't work properly... It doesn't refresh on it's own after starting the app after 2-3 days! It shows stocks prices of last login and don't refresh ! Very much irritated with the app !
Angel Broking:Really bad all the reviews are fake trust me the app is not good or accurate I've placed the order in 9:15 and it gets pending. Market goes up bt my order was still pending when market came down at my buying price that tym my order get placed and my all money gone Cheated company . angel one should pay me back.. it was around 4k
Angel Broking:The app is very easy to use and straightforward ..but if there is any problem regarding some settlement the response from coustomer support is very useless .. If they have given toll free number, don't ask anything, if you call, if you want to talk to the customer officers, you will be connected to the other side.And call is disconnected by saying wrong number.
Angel Broking:one of the best apps ever I use for demat. Angel One UI is one of the best, simple, elegance and user friendly. also I have requested angel one for add watch list they heard & add same. Best in class application for Demat.
Angel Broking:Not a reliable application for sip, the payment doesnt get deducted after enabling autopay ,even though transaction shows failed ,no intimation given for such, the support isn't helpful either, since they say they are not suposed to give intimation regardin failed sip installments, IF you get connected to the executive.
Angel Broking:Not working properly, when I open a chart it take a long time to open and sometimes it shows something want wrong..... fix this as soon as possible or I will switch my account to other broker
Angel Broking:Unable to access P&L and it's showing loading from several minutes. Updated the app, check internet connectivity, everything seems fine but facing lot of issues lately.
Angel Broking:Facing so much problems slow, premium chart takes time to load on 5g network, for that sometime profitable trades turn into loss and have to refresh it so manys times that only you could see the actual price of a particular strike price. At first I thought it was my phone's problem so I bought a new one but the problem is still there.
Angel Broking:Don't use angle one broker app or website for trading as it has lots of technical issues, I have faced a lots of technical issues like when I am adding funds to my demat account, the money has been deducted from my savings account but it was not reflected in my angle one trading account, that's why I lost a opportunity to buy good shares on 4 June 24, besides that whenever I use to tap on buy button to purchase shares, it takes 1 minute to process that command. very poor technical support team
Angel Broking:They are cheating and hits the stop loss without price reach at that point it happens to me 3 times which I noticed. Don't use this broker app.. totally unsatisfied with them. I will delete after getting out from my holdings... If you doubt me double check your Stoplosses on tradingview.. Again happens the same I put my sell stoploss on 102.40 and it hit on 102.50 why 10 points gap...
Angel Broking:Its a lagging application. Its extremely slow that whenever I want to square off my position it stops. Strike price is always delayed and chart also does not open when needed. Very slow app. I regret opening my account with angel
Angel Broking:Giving you 3 star right now but it will be get changed in future if you enable same feature of mobile option chain on web version. In the web version, unable to see the trend of market considering option chain analysis which you are providing in Mobile app like Long unwinding,Long Build up, Short covering, Short build up. If this will be get add on web version,no need to see multiple screens
Angel Broking:Too much of bugs... Cant even scroll smoothly at very high speed internet also. Third class UI experience. Doesn't deserve a single star. Worthless. Switching over to Groww(fastest in terms of order placement)
Angel Broking:This app doesn't have good customer support,I tried to raise a ticket and convey the issue once my mutual fund installment wasn't auto debited. Tried many times and still shows your ticket wasn't created, sorry for the inconvenience. Bad experience
Angel Broking:it is still not working. I cannot plot Fibonacci and other twchnical tools because the pointer is not working properly. If i plot something on earth it plots itself in sky. Please kindly resolve it. I had best chart experience with angle one uptil this latest update. But now its turning down to be worse
Angel Broking:0 star One of the worst app having problems in every update. Crashes many times, hangs, doesn't load candle stick chart and gives error " something went wrong", while applying Ipo on pressing button doesn't respond.
Angel Broking:Missguided many times, all customer support team are confused, they give suggestions defferently. The deduct hidden charges. I'm a angel user but never satisfied. Trying to connect customer care and waiting on call from 1 hr and the are they saying you waiting time is 30 second from hr. Today is my sip installment date balance is available, auto-pay is on but they didn't deducted yet. Worst app. There is no negative rating options here for me.
Angel Broking:Don't even think of downloading this app. I installed it and did half process of opening the account and couldn't complete it that day, the next day their executives called me more than 10-15 times and when I got frustrated and stopped picking the calls, their executive put my number in spamming in bulk. I received more than 100 otps and calls from different websites. Thanks God I didn't sign up, I got to know the real face a little soon.
Angel Broking:worst app regarding service. two months ago I applied for a demat account. my demat account application has been rejected due to the name mismatch in my PAN card. accordingly I have corrected my PAN card. but no chance has been given to resolve the issue and no one from the angle one contacted me. and I didn't find any option in the app for reapply or correct the query. they just rejected my application.
Angel Broking:While adding funds to the app is quick and easy, encountering numerous errors during the withdrawal process can be frustrating. This app seems great for investing, but its withdrawal functionality could use improvement
Angel Broking:App is user-friendly, easy to handle. Want some more features for intraday trading like - (1) INSTANT EXIT option on the chart display instead of BUY OR SELL option visible on the upper right corner so that can maximize profits and minimize loss ,(2) Monitoring atleast 4 different stocks chart on same display and instantly maximize one of them when want to take a trade on that particular stock
Angel Broking:Guys charts are broken and each time we draw lines or add indicators it is not saving. Fix this issues. This is happening in both ios and android. Please keep the chart data away from local storage. This is basic requirements. All the chart data should be saved in server side, so that user can login and use from any platforms
Angel Broking:14.06.2024 Charts are not getting updated and loaded. Please look into this. App is getting hanged for last 10-15 days. One Suggestion Provide feature to create section in watchlist so that 50 stocks can be divided into 3-5 section based on sectors. It will be helpful in analysing stocks. This feature is available in trading view ngel one look and feel is very bad. U decresed font size. With every update u change UI which is worse than last one. Please learn something from Zerodha.
Angel Broking:Ever since I updated the app, the save indicator on my chart has all disappeared. I have to save again and again. It is disappearing. Please improve it.
Angel Broking:Of I had an option to give them negative stars, I would be more than happy to give them negative stars, they debited 1 rs to verify my account which they promised to refund it in 24 hours but I never got it back, it keeps on automatically debiting money on a partial basis from your account. They will never respond you back regarding any money debit. On my first day I did trade and made an SIP but starting 2 day they are debiting small amount from my account like 50 rupee n till the same.
Angel Broking:Worst app....!!! It's showing ads in the tv that it is very smooth running...this all are lies....this app is very slow and worst for investment and trading...please unstall this app and install grow and upstoks ....The app is getting worse everyday..it may start losing so much customers soon...you Most of the times it hangs and created problems in watching the market and selling Or buying stocks. Also the fund available are most of the times show no funds.....worst appp...
Angel Broking:From couple of days, we are applying indicators in app but all indicators disappeared or removed from the app after certain time. It really hectic whenever I open and apply again the same indicators.
Angel Broking:Interface is good but lots of technical issues in completing the transactions. I have registered multiple complaints for the same but till date no solution. So I have download another app and started trading there. Customer service is also not good.
Angel Broking:There's a very annoying issue- It randomly logs me out, and to log in again | have to enter phone number, then OTP, then PIN! This has become a daily routine now. Developers job is absolutely pathetic! I am fed up and uninstalling this app. Will have to search some other way to handle the funds.
Angel Broking:Too many lags.. Order mostly goes to pending.. Cannot raise a ticket as the ticket cannot be placed and an error comes.. Wow.. what an app.. When u cannot create a ticket what's the use of having that help module..
Angel Broking:Its interface is very difficult than other stock apps, some times its got difficult to find some popular funds in search bar, also daily traded transaction's with opening and closing balance cannot seen easily on screen app without download its pdf. Today i was buying a stock was not being purchased every time its order was going rejected by app..mostly stocks which we did buy in delivery it show in positions for 1 or 2 days.... Thanks.
Angel Broking:This is a frud app, they are Doing stock exchanges on our Account and putting the Charges on us. They charged Rs. 315 per transaction and a total of Rs. 5000 within 15 days. And they said in the app they will only charge Rs. 20 per transaction, but are charging just anything. National Stock Exchange (NSC) is continually sending me massages that 17 lakh Rs was traded from my account but I don't even put that much. SOMETHING CHEATING IS GOING ON.
Angel Broking:I am using this app for more than 4 years now. Today 1st time it has happened that I added money into the account,but it's not letting me utilise it. How am I supposed to trade. Customer support is abysmal. I waited on call for more than half an hour, still didn't connect with them. Please resolve this issue
Angel Broking:There are two major issues in the app, one is FO recommendation are 95% wrong. Two when orders of entry or exit it takes 2-3 more hit to executive the order. I was doing option trading since 17th January, 2023 to 17th of February, 2023 for just one month on the recommendation of angelone app. It was 95% wrong. One more issue found. Services are worst and customer service is also worst too. Customer care officer don't want to listen client issue even client call disconnect without solving issues.
Angel Broking:Fundamentals of stocks are not updated with latest results, dividend or bonus announcements and their record dates. Not able to apply for buybacks, rights. No update if stock has gone ex-record date for spilt or rights issue. The technical team sleeps on weekends, no proper maintenance, no proper customer service to logde or track complaints.
Angel Broking:On every fresh opening of App the chart loads with defaults on every time opening of App instead of saved chart with indicators. On every update, bugs are increased. Highly disappointed.
Angel Broking:After today's update 17.05.2024 exit position not working properly and after close all positions in home page the profit loss is not stop it is running. After clear app data and re login but same problem it is running. In desktop angle one website the chart price stop moving after sometimes and laging then I reload but after 10 min same problem. Please slove the issue.
Angel Broking:Totally ZERO support. Funds added and also the transaction is showing as successful in the app but balance is not reflecting. No process to raise an issue. Call is not getting connected. Will never refer this app. This old company is totally outdated now.
Angel Broking:Chart settings issue For last two weeks, chart settings go back to default and I have to redo everything all over again. It wasn't like that before.. Whatever you drew would be there even if you haven't saved it. But now it shows the default 5 min frame everytime I reopen any chart. Please, resolve this.
Angel Broking:Trendlines, horizontal lines on the chart use to get disappeared after few days. I faced this alot of time. Again and again I need to draw those lines. It becomes difficult to get a trade. Or I'm using in a wrong way. Don't knw. Please help if someone also faced the same issue.
Angel Broking:App is overall good, I'm using from last 2 years. Problem is after every update the levels drawn on chart are disappear, please rectify the issue.
Angel Broking:Have been using this app more than a month..Done with this app.. Charts doesnt keep the loadouts most of the time. Price doesnt update properly. And when trading in FnO everytime when i enter a trade and while making the exit the trade takes the limit order instead of taking the market price. Charges for fno will be 20/- but in reality they charge more.
Angel Broking:support is very poor , app hangs and gets delayed alot...not worth much better apps out there with no brokerage and and better performance... my device isn't the issue, I tried everywhere and different places, so internet isn't the issue too
Angel Broking:There should be an option to add the target price and an entry point price to alert the users so that they can track their watchlist and buy when entry point price is hit and sell when the target price is hit. Also in open positions, profit/loss should be displayed along with position value.
Angel Broking:Sad experience:- Could not buy shares I wanted because your app was still processing payment for 1 hour. Worst experience. My friend was trading properly on other application. And guess what your customer support played wait time and my queue number from 120. I am listening postion while writing review. That's sounds really weird for a trading app. Please Focus more on fast response and good customer support. We don't open app to see beautiful ui
Angel Broking:Chart patterns are in Angel one app. are not simplified, they put lot of data in bulk so it seems diffcult for bigners. Angel one must improve their user interfac very simple and user friendly.
Angel Broking:As indicator once applied on chart it is not fixing on it repitadly moving off. Every time need to applying the indicator. Pls check the problem. It's taking long time for indices where as taking fast loading for futures chart and rsi indicator not opening setting tab.
Angel Broking:All setting of indicators disappears in chart, whenever I relogin. 2nd keypad doesn't show completely on screen while exercising stoploss option. Have to scroll down for full keypad.. all features should be on single screen.
Angel Broking:Having New developed app many great feature and updates .. but the basic "search and add sectoral indices in watchlist in not working". Even in the web. Unable to add nifty it, nifty pharma etc.
Angel Broking:I keep getting "Could not fetch that data. Please retry" whenever I have my portfolio tab open. I have been getting this for over a week. I have to switch the tabs and then it works for sometime and I get the error back again. Please fix it.
Angel Broking:The last timing for placing intraday new option order is 3:10 pm. I thinks this is the major drawback of this broking application. And they must show a popup when an option trader places a new order after 3 pm that you can execute this order by 3:10 pm or else you will not be able to execute it by yourself . Or else it will be automatically executed by 3:20 or whatever their timings is. Just because of that new traders are being trapped and making losses .
Angel Broking:App needs to be optimised for tablets too. The choice of ordering stocks as per % change in price is not saved till it is changed by user. This is irritating to set it always when app is opened everytime.
Angel Broking:This is the worst app and has to be Waite hrs together to talk with the customer care executive . And if money is deducted from my account, but they were not going allot the in mutual funds and again that amount will not return to me. It happens many time. Plz stay out of this app it will be better. This is really fraud app you will loose money.
Angel Broking:Lot's of problem for login app, uploding chart, not loading option table and many more problem. Everytime where I opening n login app take lot's of time. Please solve all problems otherwise I have to gone.
Angel Broking:Chart drawings are not kept saved this is from many days atleast 2 months but today only blank charts or not any drawing buttons are there , and option chain as it was displayed earlier in option traded stock now have to find. issues need to be solved.
Angel Broking:It is not user friendly like Zerodha. Further Mutual fund reflect very slowly. Payment showing successful and showing in individual MF but not reflecting in total purchase. Such a frustrating app. Also, I prepared watch list for stocks but now it is not visible.
Angel Broking:One of biggest frude. If u buy at 180 strike price and it will go our target of 280. Target not taken and it show error message "adapter is connected to exchange". And the price is returne to same place or loss then it will sell and executed. They simply said some customers got this type of errors. Guyd don't choose angle one. I have account in Angle one, Kite, Groww, Upstox, 5paisa. The best one is aways Kite. Angle one is biggest fruded in the market. I have proof and screenshot also.
Angel Broking:Pathetic UI. These fraudsters write their own reviews on Play Store. Even after adding target and SL, the trade never executes. Hence end up losing money. If its some technical glitch, correct it. Because even I'm from technical field so I know these glitches are being created. Pathetic application it has become after the previous 2 to 3 updates. For some time, even the Angel One app was not visible in Play Store. Idiots! Better to switch to any other trading app. . Bloody scamsters and looters!
Angel Broking:Very poor customer support services provided. They even did not call and mentioned that the number was unreachable and closed the raised ticket. Try to resolve the raised ticket and stop marking ticket resolved or closed to mer your targets. I have raised the another ticket hope this time you guys will resolve the issue.
Angel Broking:Worst app. When i exit a position it always reject it firstly and then in second attempt it execute the order . Thatswhy always my profit converts into loss. It happen everyday and on each position.
Angel Broking:It's really great app... Using more than a year... But in recent update if I add horizontal line or add some indicators it will be remove automatically next time. I didn't face this issue previously. So could you please rectify this. Thanks.
Angel Broking:Now days this application is getting bad and bad every day , now days facing to much issues with funds , withdrawal, and even it gets stuck some times and the graphs also not working , this application is getting worst day by day i will not suggest anyone to use this application, its gets request time out in between and application close suddenly, dissatisfied from this application. Still facing a lot of issue while having trade it's such a bad thing during market we face such issued
Angel Broking:one of the worst platform, Angle one do share data with trading forms. the day i open account I'm start getting unnecessary calls from trading forms and they always ask like (we got your number) in which sigment do you work and all. basically personal data is not secure with it which is really disappointing.
Angel Broking:Dear Angel One, I truly Happy with all the features of charting, but recently the drawings and indicators are not getting retained. Please check, as it takes lot of time to draw back the lines and put indicators again Regards Vinod K.
Angel Broking:I haad a good experience but from last month I'm constantly facing problem to open charts. Sometimes it open and Sometimes showing error despite having good Internet connection. I don't know why it's happening to me.
Angel Broking:I had a very bad experience,I tried installing it today , I entered the PAN number and it started showing unable to connect to internet, after sometime the next page opened, but it was showing unable to connect to internet. I was on the app for more than 20mins but nothing was changed.
Angel Broking:It's not easy enough to check the information required, and the amount will not be credited very soon. Amount details are not in a systematic pattern. The previous version was far better !
Angel Broking:@angel one App is not opening since morning It is showing that "the app has a bug try updating it". I'm unable to open it. I request the concerned people to look into it and resolve it as soon as possible
Angel Broking:Features wise it's good but as far as speed is concerned I say 2 star. It stucks most of the time without wifi. Though one can play YT videos in same network but it doesn't work.
Angel Broking:The app is very slow! Most of the time the chart does not load, if loads take extra time.
Angel Broking:Finally there is some visible improvement brought to the app great work. Also expecting improvement in Mutual Fund section too like individual Fund daily return in investments, As you mentioned total mutual funds 1day return can be seen, but i have 3 different mutual funds i want to know each funds individual day performance. That is missing in angel one app
Angel Broking:App is not working properly from last 2-3 days as I login to my account it is taking time to get everything there , while reopening it is showing everything red for first 5-6 seconds and then turning it into green , kindly have a look at it
Angel Broking:For the past few days it is getting difficult to open the charts, always says something went wrong, and lags in the app
Angel Broking:It's on of the worst application I ever used more glitches takes more time to exicute the order take more to load chart and exicute the order this is one the worst broker app I have using fed up with this application
Angel Broking:Worst application i don't know why but i faced issues in my profitable trade like screen freez/ delayed order execution/ and so on for 3-4 seconds and your profit will be in red. Once you will book profit they will send you useless recommendations. All the day. Seriously firstly i gave 5 stars but personally I feel like that there is something fishy in their servers or they do something in background. Please chose your broker very carefully
Angel Broking:Yeaterday i faced glitches on this app and when i bought any trade them that trade was not showing on that time and then after sometime when i open my app inwas shocked i lost my amount. And when i trying to exit app was not working. They do not exit with customer when wants. When i call to customer care for that glitch they said app has not done this and has not fault. Who is the responsible and who will refund my amount which is loss with that glich. This app is not good . Wrost app
Angel Broking:Best Smooth and very Easy to use.. but one more changes needed on screen we see rate after screen time light off. other app MSFL connect we see the rate and side the mobile screen always on like pc type.
Angel Broking:Friends again I am facing this issue today so think before use this app . Don't go through this app it's suddenly stop working and your fund balance shows negative without any reason then you can't trade any kind of shares you can't buy or sell. No one can help you from customer support when app stops working or went something wrong. Customer executives escape only saying that sorry . They are unable to help us. If some one wants proof then I can give screen shot. write your email.....
Angel Broking:I cannot save the changes in chart, I have wrote it before and the problem continues. Every time I change the chart (and yes I enter the save button below the buy and sell after that) it keeps reverting back to the default chart. Each time I open the app it asks for some unnecessary location and contacts permission which is extreamly irritating. The app is good and smooth, the interface is nice and useful. Hope the developer looks into this.
Angel Broking:Worst app that make you bankrupt. I am beginner in share market and usually buy delivery shares but yesterday I bought some shares and most of them were from intraday, this app has set intraday option by default and due to which I faced loss of money because I usually purchase delivery shares. So be wise while using this app. Why intraday option is set by default instead of delivery in case of buying the shares.
Angel Broking:Very simple and easy interface, Also with some support from the Team helping alot for new comers, I am old user and till now and I totally satisfied with the Angel One Team and all the terms and conditions. Well done with your work Buddies. Keep it up Angel One & entire Team.
Angel Broking:Worst customer support. Unable to connect their given number(saying its invalid), after multiple trial when connect I had to wait 30 mins. To talk to customer support agent. Pathetic. I have added fund 2 hours till now not recieved in angel one account. Confirmed from my bank as well that it has neen processed. Still no luck.
Angel Broking:Experience is not good, after seeing in one of the YouTube video I started creating my Demat account. After completing 95% it's gives me "403 Forbidden" error. Tried more than 15 times. I am just scared of my data being put in this application Worst experience!!!
Angel Broking:It's not a trading application. It's a trape app. Because they apply charges randomly. Pledge/unpledge charges applied multiple times even when I didn't use the MTF (pay later) facility. I complaint to Angel one customer support. They note down the complaints but they sent me useless messages. Please avoid this app. No.1 fraud app of India.
Angel Broking:The sidebar tool has turned very unresponsive It takes multiple clicks to open it Please bring multiple screen layouts like you have in the web application The normal trading view app and a few other brokers already have the multiple screen layouts on their Android apps
Angel Broking:Utmost bad apps. 1.Because it driven out if you are still in market. 2. If you have put your request open for next days, it also automatically closed. 3. Call not accepting timely. I have fed up with this sluggish and wrong type apps. Be careful, try another apps.
Angel Broking:New update is crazy.... Standard is very good... But needs some user friendly updates... And I'm not able to see all my history of trade.. in previous versions i was able to see all my data, profit and loss, traded amount, traded stocks etc etc which is missing in the present update... Look and feel is awesome.. but also include features of previous versions to current update. 25-5-2024 New PnL is amazing in web.
Angel Broking:I have submitted new phone number and mail id, Aadhar and Pan details, after activation of phone number, I have Withdraw amount, but amount not credited, later account lapsed after few months, now even phone number also not receiving OTPS, hence I m unable to login my accounts and even no option to update phone number and mail id for reactivation of my accounts. Even customer care alson not giving any proper answer. What is the solution ??
Angel Broking:Already shared the issue with you, including images and my username, through your Google form. Please resolve the problem promptly. I don't understand why you need to call me to fix the issue. Please do not waste our time. It has already been 22 days; how much longer will it take? Waiting for your call for the issue status...
Angel Broking:I don't like this update, overall angleone ia best brokrage but this new update is not showing the profit or loss at individual level of each stock for evry min or sec as earlier does, rest i m with this but requires attention plz
Angel Broking:Lagging, stucks, doesn't let exit on time, chart very slow and even sometimes stops, totally frustrating app..... Seriously.....do somthing, I think all 5 ***** star reviews are paid reviewes ..... All off them are same copy paste.... Please don't pay for reviews ...pay for engineers...and make it better...you will get 5 ***** star for free along with much more customers
Angel Broking:The app crashing when opening charts was fixed. Everything was fine until just the last update which made the app experience pathetic.
Angel Broking:I was hoping to start investing on this platform, it was mentioned that delivery Brokerage was zero. But it wasn't. I could see charges under heading Angel Broking charges. Please Note:I am not talking about STT / other charges and taxes. I am aware about this. So, is this some glitch, or is this fraud done by Angel team. Update: Team got back to me, and help me with the issue, now it's resolved. Thanks Angel One Team for quick support.
Angel Broking:Stock buying experience is not so good as most of the time the amount displays does not accumulated charges of the stock so it gets cancelled and have to redo the same making it discusting
Angel Broking:Amazingly simple app! I've been investing using Angel now for more than 5 years and it has been like a homeground for me now. I dont use any other apps anymore and the best part is I have my spouses portfolio added in my profile as well which helps in keeping track while she is busy taking care of my son. Just one suggestion - please try to come up with an app for WearOS watches at least. Would be very helpful for traking and using! Thanks Angel!
Angel Broking:I'm currently trying to add new bank account for the past few weeks daily but it will stuck on aadhar verification page by sending OTP. Even though I received OTP I can't enter the OTP because the page stuck on the sending OTP option even wait for half an hour. Kindly fix this I need to change my SIP autopay
Angel Broking:You need to improve the app UI, because some time this app's chart not working properly. When I want to take a position in F&O, then I went to see the chart but chart is not working.
Angel Broking:Just Stay away Pathetic app. I have lost enough just because of this app. App does not work !!! Funds added don't reflect in wallet, unable to sell stocks and many more. I use Zerodha, Groww and other apps as well. This one is the worst of all. Loaded with fake reviewers and they have simply kept high rating by fake reviewers.
Angel Broking:Why the fonts are suddenly getting bigger all over the app ? Also, why does it change the sort method in my watchlist on its own everyday I open the app ? I have to set the sort order of my watchlist alphabetically everyday. This is really irritating.
Angel Broking:Worst..!!!!!!!!!!!! and Frustrating...!!! 1. No regional language support; only English and Hindi are available. If we select English, the line will connect only to Hindi." 2. Customer support is poor; the waiting period exceeds 10 minutes. After connecting, they speak only Hindi. If we require English support, we must wait in line again. 3. If they commit to connecting to the English department or any other support team without providing any information, the call gets disconnected.
Angel Broking:It is a very good app for stock market. I came here to complain one thing. Give a feature to move stocks up and down in basket orders like in the watchlist. Because it is hard to hedge options as buy orders should be placed first to sell options.
Angel Broking:Where is option chain button in top movers. It's difficult for us to find out the strike price in top movers stock in angel. Kindly add the option chain button in below path Top movers -->select any stock --> click on chart --> add the option chain button with order and depth button
Angel Broking:I have angle one app by 2 years in xiomi divice but recently I changed my phone from xiomi to*motoG64 5g*which is launched 2 weeks ago and I open my angel AC in the new phone, every part of app working well but as I open chart and analysis something for 5-10 second ,app automatically closed,I update the system settings of my new phone and also clear data and then start angel again ,but this chart issue is till happening,even other trading app working well by all side but not angel please fix it.
Angel Broking:You must add note taking facilitiy in every stock . It will be easier for us to remember the reason and purpose of adding the particular stock in our watchlist .I think the app must have this feature. You should also provide us detail description of events of stocks not just mentioning the events.
Angel Broking:I am a new user, trying to log in today for the first time but failed as the app keeps crashing. It's a horrible experience, and now I am thinking of closing the account, even if I have not used 1 time as app is Not opening
Angel Broking:Recently moved from Zerodha to Angel one with expectation of good experience. But in Angel one app charts layout not getting stored, every time need to put indicator for stock. Team, please advise. Already reinstalled many times
Angel Broking:Why do I have to add indicators and manage the time duration in chart again and again after opening the app each time! It was not like this before. Fix it please. It is giving me trouble and annoying
Angel Broking:They don't co-operate for any issues. I sent a mail asking for my commodity trading issue before last week. But they kept sending false mails stating the issue is solved now and again I fail to do any transaction again. Rubbish and irresponsible.
Angel Broking:Very bad app.everytime I can purchase call or put option they will send it to pending position.and they will also charged a commission on pending positon. stop loss problem is very critical.worst app as trader
Angel Broking:plenty of glitch in the app. The customer care executives don't provide resolution even after months since they have only basic knowledge and are trained to be good in soft communication skills and resultant, inadequate knowledge about the features such as Stocksip, GTT, oco, fno.
Angel Broking:Very bad experience with every new updates, it's frustrating that they don't just test it properly instead they are testing on real ground upon us which is very bad for the traders, the new features a exclusive and very good but there are lot of bugs in which it eats your capital that's too dangerous because of buggy unresponsive updates.
Angel Broking:Best trading app which covers all details required for trading. Clear and simple.The best part is customer care Addition - i m writing it after using this app for more than two years , i tried mosl,grow,upstox,hdfc sky & kotak neo but ANGEL ONE is having excellent interface and quick to use and free from all decoration & distraction.. Angel one is a King of NSE trading platforms.
Angel Broking:Worst app Frist I am not able to take selfie for verification after so many tries it's done then app is not working it's only shows the sign of loading on a black screen however I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app several times
Angel Broking:No widget for current Portfolio...should be... Additional if anyone have two or 3 account on angel one, he can't use all his/her account on one mobile by simply entering his PIN...pls think abt it...hdfc bank app having this amazing feature(reference)...pls go through this feature...as early as possible... I know abt adding family portfolio in other account but it is viewable only...we cant buy sell/trade there...
Angel Broking:Data is not safe in this app. Your number is circulated in market and lots of trading related calls are coming from agents. So don't make account in it. I will get daily 3 to 4 calls of such types of agents.
Angel Broking:I have been experiencing significant issues with the app not functioning as expected. This has caused considerable inconvenience, particularly in terms of accessing essential features and services (fund transfer and withdrawal).
Angel Broking:I have closed the intraday deal at a different price and in the contract note the reflected price is different. Pathetic reply from the Angel one support. They are just sending me the contract note again and again and not looking into the issue.
Angel Broking:Very bad experience with customer service and referral agents they just wanted me to trade and get their brokerage... They are nothing but doing a legal scam don't download their application. There are better applications than this app .
Angel Broking:Worst app After adding all the details it is showing error. Now the add is not allowing add the details again. Got so irritated just to open an account.
Angel Broking:Very bad customer service when you buy interaday trade at low price And you set a high target it's shows executed but profit does not book after sometime it book loss with herself it's continuously happening with me from one week dailu am losing money and when you call in angelone customer service they don't even no what is that we want want explanation they don't even know how to talk to customer they started there script with there own and don't even listen what's the customer queries
Angel Broking:Don't use this app,App working so slow and it gets hangs a lot during trading and you will loss money. It's my Experience. The issue was from Angel one due to technical issue
Angel Broking:App ui is good and works well. But they should focus on customer support. Whenever i call to customer care my number in queue is very high. I have to wait very much for talking to customer executive
Angel Broking:Customer service and features of the app are not working well and withdrawal request approved but funds not credited yet. Doesn't seem like a reputed leading brokers in India not much interested to carry out workings in the app, anyone please suggest any better app.
Angel Broking:It's a horrible app . If you make a huge profit they will not allow you to exit . I made 15000 profit but they did not let it exit . And if I call there customer care they will not answer it or even pick the call. It's horrible app if you want to be cheated then use this app .
Angel Broking:I am very disappointed by using the app for intraday ,it glitches ,cancels exits, slows it down too ,it's really annoying ,and Now the apl is hanging multiple times during the day .
Angel Broking:sir I am still facing the same problem of chart. As you said I cleared the chache, but still the same problem is repeating. If you don't fix it then I will shift to Groww app
Angel Broking:Very bad because customer care service is very very bad....... And the customer care number uploaded on Google is not right number.... How we connect them if we are facing some issue.....
Angel Broking:Too slow app and also too slow process. No one is answering when problem comes. And customer care is also not received our call after waiting, 5 minutes. Don't like this app
Angel Broking:one of the major problem of angel one is that it shows pop ups everywhere in the app. For example ,the equity section shows mutual fund pop ups. its very annoying.
Angel Broking:Your app is not working properly .when we connect internet through wifi.when we connect through mobile it's working.so I request you make software update.so that angel app well work in wifi internet.i hope you will improve this bug by your next update
Angel Broking:Angel has introduced a pathetic update of each order getting placed as an intraday order by default. They also don't have the feature to disable this horrible update. No wonder people are leaving angel one moving to different more user friendly brokers.
Angel Broking:The experience is very very bad, they don't execute orders quickly, they have a lot of problems in buy sell, very bad experience.
Angel Broking:worst app, getting forcefully closed whenever entering the screen password. 25/07 - I have applied the suggested work around for Removing the cashe, still it is not opening.
Angel Broking:I want to trade with angle app, so i download it and signup with required documents on 1may. Today is 13may they none response my mails and queries. But they people promise that the Account is activated in 3 days but in my case already 13days are passed out. But no response from them after a lot of follow up. I strongly not recommend this app. Go for another substitute which are far batter than this.
Angel Broking:The recent update sucks ! Earlier version was too good and very user friendly, Pls suggest a way out to get back to the old version
Angel Broking:Hello Angel One. Angel is a great app. But there are few issues like sudden bugs and redirect to the home screen In that update. There are some frame drop sometime. And more important my device don't have any 90fps option. My device is samsung S23FE Which has an antutu of "1110897". It is more than capable. I mean in smooth it has extreme option. BUT in balance it has ultra. Not extreme option, and also Don't support the haptic feedback option. Hope to see these features in the upcoming update..
Angel Broking:Chart is not visible. All previous indicator settings are not done. The name of the stock is not visible in the chart The app is completely rubbish Sip reduced and back email address not found
Angel Broking:Third graded app.....fonts are very small. If internet is a little bit slow it does not work at alll..... Delay in order placing.... No improvement made in spite of several requests..... Till today no improvement has taken place.
Angel Broking:No referral payment even after 10 days Tried customer case -7 times (waited & disconnected) Tried head of customer care- telling my registered mobile num invalid Tried compliance officer- call disconnected Installed this app few weeks back... My main account is on Zerodha... Was thinking about moving to this app... But totally disappointed
Angel Broking:Installed the app and updated all required information but when it came to transactions, it denied saying client ID is not registered. Tried speaking with call centre but got the reply that it will take 7 days. Bit disappointed. Today on 15/07 i.e 10 days after app installation,problem still persist. Thinking of checking out
Angel Broking:What i have found with this app is it allow to entry in app without asking for pin many times...this is very serious security issue...it can give access to stranger to our dmat account if he manage to get our phone somehow..... please solve this other wise it can cause serious damage....Even after logout one can easily login with pin and without mobile OTP
Angel Broking:Third class customer support, since last 10days I trying to connect Angel one customer support team the call get cancelled automatically. Before that when my call got connected with angle one customer support he told me I have open ticket with technical team and you will get email about that but didn't received any. Very frustrated with Angle one service. HIGHLY RECOMMEND PLEASE DON'T USE ANGLE ONE. #Scammar
Angel Broking:Dear angel one, Can you update a feature in which we can put Target and stoploss together in once. Also put a feature that( for example:- if price is 100 rupees and I want to buy at 120, then I can fix it now so that it can automatically buy at 120 when it will come at 120).
Angel Broking:Charges too much for trading, they charged unusual amount from account never ever use angle one very disappointed and there customer support service is also poor totally fed up from angel one every one should switch from another platform, they have so many hidden charges and the worst thing is that no one will there for help you if you want any query on there Customer service number really I'm getting worst experience of it and soon want to be switch, please angel team don't reply on my these r
Angel Broking:I don't have any experience about this angle one system. I was open my new account in Angleone in last week and still I am facing issues about F&O option activation. After open my account there is so many trad are rejected, But I can't understand why this happens. And still nobody can call me from Angleone. I was tried to connect with them, but after half and hour holding time they picked my call and tell me it will activate in 24 to 48 hour. And still I am waiting for complete the 48 hour.
Angel Broking:I have been using angel one for past 2 weeks and i have refered more than 10 in just 5 days, but my reffral amount is quite disappointed because other are having rewards worth 500 , 750 and 1000 per refral but this app is giving only 300 for me per refral , Im quite disappointed about this and other things are awsome ... I hope angel one will increase my reffral reward .
Angel Broking:Hi There is some issue in completing my KYC. When I click proceed it goes to black screen showing the loading icon. Is there any tech support we can call... Trying this since yesterday but still the same. Same issue is faced when I logged in from PC
Angel Broking:My account is in inactive status. Now when i am trying to activate it, app asks me to contact customer support. There is no customer support helpline. I have emailed but still issue unresolved. Pathetic Service.
Angel Broking:Worse experience. Lagging so much. Need high speed internet otherwise you can't operate this app smoothly. Overall it just created a hype. I just hate this app. Don't fall for the good reviews most of them are bot.
Angel Broking:App doesn't respond after orders. Very sloww if u put orders u cant exit it then u vane 2 exit the app and again u have to open it . If ur net connection is fast also this app doesnt respond at importand times.... soo onn
Angel Broking:Sometimes soldv stocks keeps showing in portfolio which really creates confusion. Process of adding SIP is also very slow. App interference is ok.. Charges are high for trading....Although good app.
Angel Broking:Again today glitch found in Angel one,when I dropped the screen recording they denying to accept that glitch is from there end. And asking there is network issue from your end. How could it be possible with 5G connectivity from defferent network. Then why not same glitch finding from other platform.... I know Broker never except his mistakes.... Same I am sending the mail along with screen recording to SEBI....
Angel Broking:The risk and rating of mutual fund in this app is not correct, they show wrong outdated data of some good website like value research etc. And never trust its personal rating system, do use some better website like value research. Kindly fix the rating glitch and error
Angel Broking:One of the worst experience I have faced from yesterday onwards. It's saying Angel one keeps stopping. So I am going to uninstall the app. Same issue came again after long time.
Angel Broking:This is the worst app because the SIP has not been credited yet, there is already money in my account and I have been calling customer support since the last 1 hour, I am selecting all the menus correctly but they cut the call
Angel Broking:we can't exit on trade sometimes eg 12 july and during market hours customer care is so pathetic that it can't even answer our calls. just it's simple app, it gains popularity. that's all they have. 1 star.
Angel Broking:App response is very slow in last one week.. Takes a lot of times to load charts, data with good network network connectivity.
Angel Broking:Please all list of etf not only high growth etfs along with key indicators like tracking error, liquidity and more. I cant find these details for most of etfs and mutual funds key indicators also. THANK YOU
Angel Broking:Really dissatisfied with this application, share market experience is worst because we can't exit from a perticular market value it's always showing try again try again, because of this problem i have faced a loss of rupees 4000
Angel Broking:I complete the payment mandate of the IPO application and then it shows incomplete. It has always been like this. Now you say it has been approved by NPCI. So I want to say why NPCI has approved Upstox mandate immediately. Why can't angel one fix this problem?
Angel Broking:Wrost application angle one. Still Crashing issue not resolved many times app crashed in Infinix mobile. After reaching Angel one team still issue is persist.
Sharekhan:Hii! This mobile application is excellent, but I am very disappointed that it doesn't provide 75min and 125min chart view. This view is available on desktop but not on mobile. I love to use this trading app, but without those two time frame's view my strategy remain incomplete. It's like heart break to me. If someone can design and rectify it that will be awesome for me...Feeling lost and unhappy...
Sharekhan:App not working property, lagging. Lots of technical issues msg comes. Due to technical issues, try after some time. Connection timeout msg pop up most of the time. Prices are not updating itself. they need to refresh too many times Already sent on X (Twitter)
Sharekhan:Best service provider, my demat account has been opened in one day along with log in ID & password. Very helpful customer support service. Moreover, I am using this app for last eight months, rarely I faced technical glitch, fund transfers are instant. Thanx Sharekhan. Sharekhan's mobile app is also compatible with the tablets, this helps me in analysing daily charts in an elaborate manner.
Sharekhan:Operating the application is easy, Watch list, Home Screen everything thing is good. Please Update Basket Order or Bulk order Options in Mobile app. It will helps a lot to Option Seller like me..!
Sharekhan:Good until u need reach customer care.. They have strict method of defining problem, - that its not an issue unless there is a video or screenshot of problem received via email. For momentary false quote of share, screenshot can't be taken.. But then complain is not registered. TO REPLY - everything emailed at myaccount ID since 1 week.UPDATE: No one answers to escalation and complaince email IDs. NEVER GO WITH THEM.--To SK, Didn't opened acc via social media. Don't venture to personal space.
Sharekhan:Dear Team, I have been trying to open this aap for the past 12 hours. But it is not opening. Now ny trading time is running but still not able to open. I have reinstalled three time...still issue is same. Kindly look into this....i have face this issue many time
Sharekhan:One of the worst interfaces I have ever seen. I use Zerodha's Kite and Geojit Selfie also for my trading - both are so simple to use. Sharekhan interface is a totally user UNFRIENDLY interface. I'm going to sell all my holdings in this and uninstall.
Sharekhan:Likewise the functionality is so critical/Difficult/ so long to use, u see other new app which are so easy to use.. It's very irritating when u need to login again and again when u reopen it after minimizing the App for few mins... Due to this I have left using the app and shifted to other Apps.. This team is also very lazy and not even considering clients reviews, as last time I commented that app not providing Order confirmation for order.. this update is still pending. So very poor response.
Sharekhan:Facing Problems with order notifications in Android and IPhone App has the feature of push notification but only works when app is opened. When screen is locked no notification comes. Help me on this pls
Sharekhan:It's been a year still you have not added below where other brokers are providing 1.Please add 75 min and 125 min time for the chart as they represent exact candles as per NSE time 9.15 to 3.30 . 2. Please add chart markings on higher time is visible in in lower time frame also. Both above features to be added to moile app as it will help job going traders. Thanks
Sharekhan:Share Khan mobile app is a perfect one for investors and traders,no one can find a better app like this,if we setup necessary indicators with desired values,the performance of the app is extraordinary,I am very happy with the app,I have my own values for indicators and works fine,.
Sharekhan:Worst app, this is not a user friendly app. I have opened demat account from share Khan plateform, I have not been get I'd and password since 2023 and there are no option to get or generate ID through application of sharekhan. Very bad experience.
Sharekhan:Very easy and good to use sharekhan mobile app. Very easy to place and track orders, as of now no issues. Thank you
Sharekhan:Excellent mobile app, easy to operate, login and place orders on the move. Updation of executed orders and running movements in portfolio. Simple to operate with many reports to view.
Sharekhan:Otp not getting triggered due to latest app update. Kindly resolve on priority. Further, the contact no. provided below pertains to the reception. Customer care is also not picking the call. Very dissatisfied with the service.
Sharekhan:App UI Design is very good and very easy to use. But why its not showing Pre-Open market price?.
Sharekhan:Repeated login is frustrating. Update the App, so that once logged in should lost for the day atleast.
Sharekhan:Using this from 2 years and loving the experience it is providing, but in recent 3-4 month updates whenever we open chart of anything, it takes eternity to load it , and most of the times the chart does not load after all this, have to close the app and again open it to see the chart. This makes it very difficult to use so every time have to go to another broker app to see the chart. Please fix this issue asap.
Sharekhan:Till date when not using much was working excellent, but since last was heavily actively trading, first as slowed, thereafter not functioning, but after trade hours (on closure of market i.e 4 pm) was working/functioning. Again today morning when trying to login not functioning (timeout error is displayed).
Sharekhan:It will takes too much time to login , Very poor app, hanging all the time, unable to open smoothly ,don't download, need too much improvement. Waste of time.
Sharekhan:Hi team, please build an option to switch multiple accounts without logout from the app. I'm an NRI with 4 types of accounts, it's tiring to logout and login all the time.
Sharekhan:Very bad Experience so do not open account. Just because of sharekhan system down bear lossess. Candle chart not showing properly 1 hour chart showing only 1day only. Some software need to update..Chart updation is main problem. TR ac no 966378 many times sent email and yet not getting any proper response. .never get response from customer care.
Sharekhan:Allow me to upload PROOF app DOES NOT allow 1 paise rates nse,bse both Rates not updated No upper/lower band shown in thousand of scripts no news etc,new listing page has errors, they don't pay on t+1 basis but pays 3-4 days.NEVER ACCEPT MISTAKE,all brokers pay t+1 but sharekhan pays T+2 basis, brokers always gives news like corporate actions, dividend , bonus, stock split, results but this company donot show these but its obsessed with only brokerage charges, int.on delayed payments to cheat us
Sharekhan:Recently updated version is not giving more information unlike in old version. We are not able to view our earlier purchase date and cost of purchase. 2. No details of few stock sold in Fy 24-25 is not available. These details are available in old version. If possible add above features or reverse to old one.
Sharekhan:There seems to be an issue with the latest update on the 9th May 2024. I am unable to login ever since I updated the app. Before the update it was working perfectly fine. Could this be checked, please ?
Sharekhan:The ledger page never opened for me in the app. The app UI needs to be improved and performance is also low
Sharekhan:Mobile app not working . It's very slow. Missing trades . Not loading . In order to drop a private feedback app must be loaded and opened .
Sharekhan:Dont prefer this broker. Charges 0.30% brokerage. On sale, you have to wait for 1 day to get funds & 2 days to withdraw. Other brokers allow immediate use of funds. Settlement takes long time. The actual sell price is never the same as you entered. Their app lags 2 out of 5 trading days always. Closing my account soon and using Zerodha.
Sharekhan:Very good application, easy to use. But it would have been better if we could have used charts of foreign markets
Sharekhan:I tried 100s of time to upload and draw signature while opening demat account but it is not at all accepting it. It's better not to use your application
Sharekhan:Seamless and smooth interface. UX feels nostalgic, and the app blew me away with its cutting-edge technological features. Every small detail we really needed is there.However, a problem exists as the app has no option to list out past intraday orders list and details in full.Please fix.
Sharekhan:I'm using the Sharehkhan since from 2010. Trade Tiger, Web portal and now mobile app. So, I trade all three and earn some and losses some but awesome journey in trading. They requires upgrade both in trading and technical charts. Hope changes may happen in future.
Sharekhan:Now sharekhan app and website is down for last 30 minutes during trading session. Currently time is 11:10. Every now and then, issue occurs. Hire some good engineers Poor optimization. Portfolio doesn't load. Most of the time i have to see dpsr instead of live portfolio as live portfolio most of times, doesn't load with message, no data, try again later. Need to improve this bug which is in app for decades now. Ui is very good but optimization is poor.
Sharekhan:Unable to load charts, application hangs and automatic closes while loading charts Please fix this issue
Sharekhan:Hi. I am using sharekhan app on mobile from last 6 years ,the trading education from you is excellent. your daily intra day recommendation are like a icing on the cake.thank you keep up the good work .
Sharekhan:Great experience, really nice, fluid and fast app without any issues. Thanks Sharekhan
Sharekhan:Overall experience is good. But please support landscape mode so that it can be used in tablets. I use my tablet for analysing the charts in landscape mode but the overall app is still in portrait mode. This causes great inconvenience as we have keep rotating the tablet
Sharekhan:How many updates in a month , not even working good as well. Terribly worst ever new updates.
Sharekhan:App is good but didn't find a place from where I can modify/check MyGTD orders already in queue. Rest is good. And brokerage charges for F&O is per lot instead of per trade.
Sharekhan:My app is not working on data. Keep getting error message, however works fine when vlconnected to wifi
Sharekhan:Very bad. Every day there is new problems regarding login, chart and script addition. Waste of time and money.
Sharekhan:It's taking very long time to load while starting the app. I started it 4-5 times still same issue.
Sharekhan:Incomplete mobile app. Features which are available on their website are not available on mobile app. What's the use of mobile app? It is better to use mobile web browser to access the online trading platform.
Sharekhan:I have been customer since 20 years. Very good service. Research reports are also nice.
Sharekhan:Horrifying APP... Many a times i could not be able to add scripts in market watch especially Options... This month I tried to add KOTAKBANK CE 1740 MARCH and NMDC CE250 MARCH but it is showing from April series onwards.. When i contacted AMC support team they were unable to resolve..... Even after un installation and reinstallation of the app also it didn't work... Because of this i missed good profits.
Sharekhan:There is no provision for extracting contract notes from the App. The ledger transactions are very complicated. Instead of showing simply the debits and credits as well as charges the entries are very confusing
Sharekhan:The charts of stocks showing wrong on app than TT, eg Accuracy. Also error in UPI fund transfer but it is not solved by anyone. Tzi etc tool option not in app even after joining program. Major updates are needed in app.
Sharekhan:Worst application of world, buffering now and than, very dangerous for option traders and nobody is to listen to this problem, I have stopped option trading in sharekhan, please please don't trade in this application. My reply to developer: And this has happened with everyone in my group so many people have lost money because of this. , I sent screen shots of buffering to company many times but in vain. very soon I am to go for transfer closure .
Sharekhan:App is easy to manage even for those who are not much techno savvy..
Sharekhan:App is good. Easy to operate even by learners quickly.
Sharekhan:App is very slow, stop loss amount for f&o is not available. cash exposure given next on sale of shares.
Sharekhan:user friendly and most trusted broker. never faced any issue.
Sharekhan:Need to improve with easier user interface like Zerodha
Sharekhan:option strategy not available,trade from chart not available,trailing stoploss not available in option
Sharekhan:Sharekhan App is very easy to Operate with full details of Trades and Informations. I was new to this business till last year June 2023. I started to understand the App with one of the Executive of their Himayat Nagar Office and last year till March 2023 I did transactions of nearly Rs.60 L. It's so easy to operate that every informations I get on tips of my fingers and enjoying my trade wherever I am. I am very much thankful to Sharekhan for such a fantastic App they created for New Comers.
Sharekhan:Old theme, lazy app, wide range order placement not available, biggeners too difficult to understand the order placement names
Sharekhan:Pls make this app as equal functional as trade tiger. During trading hrs, laptop is not accessible in office. So I can only trade using mobile. If it has so many features like trade tiger windows app, it will be the most successful and most used app. No one will care abt brokerage. But the real studies and features of trade tiger are a marvel. And also most trusted app made ever.. Update : after developers response, I increased review stars from 2 to 5. Hopeful for product updates.
Sharekhan:Getting connection timed out continuously since yesterday.. Where's the other apps working fine.
Sharekhan:Portfolio does not match the dpsr. Does not give option of buy back. Needs a lot of improvement. This is not at all small case. Pls stop your casual approach just like your campaign. If you want to be casual than just stay out of the race.
Sharekhan:Excellent, Easy to operate & Understand
Sharekhan:When I first started using the app a few months back, it was good. I am not sure what happened after that. Portfolio page has MAJOR data loading issues, especially in the morning times. It just shows a blank page frequently and says "no data". It is not just one day. It happens on most days. This is basic and totally unacceptable. It means, I cannot buy or sell when this happens. Not sure if recent upgrades have made the app unstable. Edit on Aug 31: I still see the issue. It is still NOT FIXED.
Sharekhan:I'm using this app this app is very disgusting in his services ,there server is very bad very you have inform what things are going on!!!! And if you don't know that how to run your app please shut it down!! I'm using this and literally 1st maine share liya th 10 aya 4 and I was just checking it out ki with drawl kese Krna h and vo suddenly mera pura capital zero dikhane lga and after some time vo agya ye kesa glitch hein you have too give apologize for that and please fix this issues!
Sharekhan:(1) "Unrealized profit/ loss in %" is not visible on 1st page of portfolio. Needs to open one by one. Very irritating. (2) Font size very small. Difficult to read.
Sharekhan:App takes too much long time toopen. It always keep buffering. Very bad experience
Sharekhan:I am very disappointed with the service of Sharkhan, from past almost 2 month I was try to activate my FNO, but no one from Sharkhan office are able to help me, as my account was open in 2007, and I am very old customer of your, but they are not able to share the Sharkhan Email I'd, so that I can mark a mail, and get it resolved. I would like to request all of you please do not open your account from Sharkhan, I am also going to close my account very soon, very old app, but no customer service
Sharekhan:it went bad to worst... Working only on off maket timings. Please improve.. Sharekhan is such a good broker with annoying mobile app.. very very poor IT TEAM
Sharekhan:Good Mobile trading app, the leading and best app in making better trading experience in mobile day by day.
Sharekhan:This is very confusing to use ,please make it simple and easier
Sharekhan:application is very slow, all options is complicated
Sharekhan:Sharekhan app is not opening. It is showing Initialising...100%. It does not open
Sharekhan:very bad taking installation time in a day 15-20 times app not working getting multiple type of errors.
Sharekhan:Extremely complex and non user friendly
Sharekhan:App always has some challenge or other. Poor technical team and it's support
Sharekhan:Very horrible app most of time not open due to this we lost opportunities to invest.
Sharekhan:Good and fast application with very accurate tracking of stock.
Sharekhan:Good app. Lacks a bit of polish, but useful.
Sharekhan:Withdrawal very slow compare to others App. need improvement
Sharekhan:Your chart is not good for app .how to set trading view chart in app. Pls confirm.
Sharekhan:Very buggy app. Not able to login into portfolio
Sharekhan:It's is a great Experience and staaf behaviour is also good so I highly recommend this thanks.
Sharekhan:Last 2 days this app hang and slowl run many time always face this problem It's poor app
Sharekhan:order placement is simple n easy.
Sharekhan:When I add widget on home screen, self created watch list is not coming in option to select for widget. Please correct the issue. This issue is coming in recent update. Resolve on priority.
Sharekhan:The font size is too small. The table view for portfolio needs to scroll right and left. Pl provide a mobile app experience and not web experience
Sharekhan:Not very easy to navigate, daily gain, unrealised gain, quantity etc . In short you can not view portfolio effective. I have demat in Sharekhan but use Moneycontrol portfolio option to track my investment seamlessly. Furthermore, tickettape app can import any other renounced Demat account portfolio except Sharekhan. Disappointed.
Sharekhan:There is a problem in shorting system in application. In nifty's gainer list there are so many looser company even shorting of gainers percentage are not also improper. I have taken a snap of it. I can show it.
Sharekhan:charts not friendly which makes sharkhan me to just for information purposes i couldn't take Trade because i hv see chart in zerodha. if charts become more updated then i need not to go anywhere. somany apps and portal hv trading view chart. why share KH not take yet. Also GTT option for swing and all segment should be there.
Sharekhan:Please find my observations below 1) Sharekhan 3R research recommendations on YouTube are not available/not updated on the Sharekhan mobile app Research section 2) Whatever the Research recommendations on the mobile app, the pdf files are not opening in the mobile app, everytime we need to open in laptop or desktop. 3) Portfolio layout is not user friendly, to be compact by covering the essential information 4) there is no fund balance indicator 5) Mobile app should have all research reports,
Sharekhan:This app is number 1 fruad app Because their people first call and get the account opened and after that they do not even tell that there is so much brokerage in it, my 23000 was gone Call me, I did not even tell you quickly, after that I told you that all the money was spent in brokerage, in all other apps the order is for 20 rupees and in this the order is for 100 rupees brokerage If you want to take this much brokerage then tell the person in front how much it will cost, you are not worth it,
Sharekhan:Very bad experience. Always face problem with fund transfer. Many times the app takes too much time to open.
Sharekhan:Unable to open the app easily how can we trade easily with this kind of application...even after uninstalling and installing again it stuck over there and all the other app is working except this app
Sharekhan:I am using this apps from many years, I always get support from excutive Mr Umesh Sector 14 , Gugugram Haryana, he is a nice person. Apps is very much friendly for beginners and learner.... I used many apps but Sharekhan mobile apps is the best.
Sharekhan:There is no option to change the width of line of moving average as we can change only colour in CHART. There is no option to change login ID, option available only to change passward.
Sharekhan:Good and bad. It has lots of bells and whistles, but feels like a website than an app. Also too many things, so hard to find things.
Sharekhan:For Equity : App is average, But for F&O, commodity, currency; This app having very less features compared to others, About charges; too much higher against facility /Features.....True Review; Never supported team just talking.
Sharekhan:very easy to understand and use
Sharekhan:I am trying to open demate and trading account but app is not working.and I am few days regularly but still not working.
Sharekhan:Hi,I started using this app from today, everything is smoothly going,need to know why my app is not showing green red indications of market pls suggest...soo it can be easily seen of market ups and downs rest my friends in all mobiles it's showing inhave vivo y73 handset...
Sharekhan:The user interface faces serious glitch during accessing the app on phone. It keeps logging out and going to the fatca guidelines in a loop
Sharekhan:Option chain disappearing again and again after just update
Sharekhan:DOESN'T NOT HAVE INTERNATIONAL TRADING SUPPORT AND ALSO OTHER APP IS BETTER THAN THIS. IT'S SECURE BUT HAVE MORE ISSUES THAN OTHER APP FOR NEW TRADER LIKE STUDENT , BUSINESS MAN, OLD PEOPLE. IT'S NOT USING AI TRADING SUPPORT PEOPLE IN THIS WORLD NEEDS TO BE UPDATED WITH TECH BUT IT'S NOT SUPPORTING AI TRADING BUT IT'S SECURE TRADING APP. RIGHT NOW PEOPLE USE TO CRYPTO TRADING , AI TRADING AND INTERNATIONAL TRADING ALSO PEOPLE NEEDS LESS CHARGES FOR USING APP & BROKERAGE FEE CAN'T FULFILL.
Sharekhan:Many times current or next month fno call out data not showing.. nd now my fno position of March also not showing. How to fix the problem.
Sharekhan:worst application experience. i have to reinstall after every login. Did not got any customer support for the issue. Just waiting to sell off all my stocks on sharekhan
Sharekhan:Easy and quick order placement
Sharekhan:Please some Bug in Application when I order .pasia problem and not submitted order please solve problem quick
Sharekhan:Need to improve the interface Didn't get any kind of message or login OTP's from them. Frustrated from their services. Will shift my account.
Sharekhan:The app is not working smoothly and There is some issue in chart functions after update. Tools are not working properly. When we draw a line on chart and open the app later line appears in remote location where no candlestick are there. Futher, I have used two moving avg. line but it shows only one. So please fix these issues ASAP. I already updated the new version and Issue is still not resolved yet even after many complaints on app and Google play
Sharekhan:buffering problem and amount update are very late
Sharekhan:excellent , but overall expensive compared to others
Sharekhan:System restored. Thanks for quick response
Sharekhan:The app is not in sync with latest numbers. My portfolio reports number showing up in the mobile app is not matching with what I see in desktop/web version, there is a 1L difference. There is no option to sync or refresh either. You guys should run hourly updates so I don't have to cross check. Mobile app is easier to use but it's pointless if there are sync issues.
Sharekhan:App has been causing problems for last 3 days. It does not open or takes eternity to open on mobile. Unable to use the app because of this for 3 days now.
Sharekhan:Brokerage charges are high on Equity Delivery which is 20 or 2.5% per order.... Other competitors do not have any brokerage charges ( Zero) on Equity Delivery... Why should I use this app if I can save more on others India's leading brokers... Please compare your brokerage charges with competitors and match with them to acquire customers.... Otherwise no one will continue for long term if they have to pay more on every transaction....
Sharekhan:One of the best & trusted platform.
Sharekhan:After the latest update The option chain display does not look good. the previous display was way better than this .now it look similar to other brokers. The font are also small. The previous data positioning of OI, premium price, percentage increase or decrease was perfect . Was easy to the eyes. Please keep previous option chain display as it is.. Other addition are welcome.
Sharekhan:Portfolio in the app is not working at all. All these days, most of the time the portfolio section never came up, always had a error as "No data". However from last couple of days, the app is just shutting down the moment you try to login into portfolio. Tried re-installing and rebooting. No use. Highly frustrating. as told above reinstalling done. and it doesn't even open the portfolio so how can I change the view. when I click on portfolio the app crashes and closes down.
Sharekhan:Worst ever customer service, they helped only in account opening And now they are not receiving calls and replying email with fixed script which does not answering any questions
Sharekhan:Thanks for including pivot points. But one thing which needs improvement is that at least pivot points and some indicators like supertrend and moving average should be applied on main page, not when we enlarge the chart to full screen mode. It is quite inconvenient to enlarge the chart again and again for different scrips. Please give a thought to it. It can improve the trading experience significantly.
Sharekhan:very impressive and easy to understand
Sharekhan:Technical error showing most of the time while loading portfolio. It shows there is no data when I open my portfolio. Great UI but few changes I'd like to see: 1. Notification for order executed. 2. Margin available for a particular scrip to be shown while placing order. 3. Option of putting stop loss in normal order. 4. Add more than 50 scrips in a watchlist. 5. Ledger.
Sharekhan:I use two apps for trading and this one is the worst. I have been using this app since 2016 but till today this app takes most time to return money to my account.
Sharekhan:It is a very good platform for share trading. As per my experience, I realised that for beginners, it is little bit difficult to understand the different features available in the app. So, it takes time to be used to it. At the beginning, I had to struggle to understand the whole process. From my experience, I want to suggest that it should be more user friendly like when I try to search for a share quote details I will not get every details in one go.
Sharekhan:Horrible. When opening it says newer version available, and at Google play store, it says open. No option for update. Uninstalled and reinstalled, but same vicious cycle continue. Add feedback: After opening the charts, for going back to previous screen, back arrow does not work. There is an error when transferring funds to mutual fund account.
Sharekhan:not a great app. while opening account it was hassle free. the RM helped me open the account. while closing the account I had to reach out to them multiple times to close account. it's been a painful experience. struggled a lot.
Sharekhan:Sir this app need to update as I am using more apps which is not covered by u , that apps covered trading balance, dividend earned , balance amount after trade and many more. Pl compare with other apps , which are not covered by u, pl provide as customer requirements. Pl do needful.
Sharekhan:Nice app with easy interface to use
Sharekhan:I often see that in my watchlist one by one many scripts are auto delete or removed from there please fix this issue , still face this issue
Sharekhan:TradeTiger is Best app with good Charts and indicators
Sharekhan:Update: The app has gone even worse. It is crashing since the last update. Old issues: Portfolio does not reflect correct values at times and live refresh does not work. Multiple errors appear on screen. At times, after-hour orders are not placed. The app needs to be more consistent in its behaviour especially since it is dealing with money and stock trading. after the new update, i am unable to place an after-hours order. it throws an error as "Market Closed".
Sharekhan:I am not at all satisfied with this app. No feature to buy an option at your own value with bracket orders. You have to go with market value while using bulk orders. Difficult to check the account summary how much is pending and how much can be utilized to buy. Account value will be shown wrongly. Infact I lost 10k just because the order was not placed appropriately. There is no option to delete a program from mobile, need to go browser and then delete any program. It doesn't have much options trading. I could see some bank nifty options are performing well but they are not at all traded at all. I LIKE ANYTHING ABOUT THE CASH WITHDRAWAL TIMINGS. IT'S REALLY QUICK THAN ANY ONE OFFERS. HOPE THESE WILL BE RESOLVED. I'M CLOSING MY ACCOUNT WITH IN JUST 1 WEEK TIME.
Sharekhan:App is good. Charts are loading very quickly. But there is a big issue. If we compare this app with zerodha's kite app, it is really complicated app. And the worst thing is that there is no option for exiting current position! So if i want to exit my current position than i have to do all the things again from searching that perticular ticker from the search bar to adding total quantity and order type! You should really really work on easy executions of the orders.
Sharekhan:The app is really good and the charts give good insight about the market. The only problem that I see with this app is that it doesn't have a biometric sensor for login. Typing in password every time is really boring and time consuming. Every second matters in the market right? Please have fingerprint sensor in your next update for five stars rating.
Sharekhan:Right now getting issue of ckyc /kra ...while proceding to update... the site is not working....pathetic app and also not able to uplaod online getting error....
Sharekhan:Thankyou for instant responses and feedbacks! Issues i had are fixed after the updates. Still there's 1 glitch which has not been fixed yet, If you look for any stock in detail view in sectoral index section, once you hit the back button, it should take you back to the same stock list within the same index however it takes user directly on the main page i.e the 1st page where 1 can see indian and global indices if not changed from default. Regards, Hitesh Naik
Sharekhan:The app was good initially but then it started asking for update. When I tried to update the app neither it was updated nor was opening with the previous version. Then I uninstalled the app and now I am not able to download this app as everytime it stuck at 99% downloaded and then it stops. I removed many apps and videos etc to clear the space but it's still not working. Can you resolve the problem ?
Sharekhan:Today 04/03/2024 ICICI Option expiry 28MAR 2024 not showing in App. I have 1 lot of ICICI PE 1060 but not showing in APP. Net position showing as zero. Worst experience ever.
Sharekhan:1. Volume button does not work in classroom videos 2. can not rotate screen and fo full screen for classroom videos 3. UI for buy and sell is very confusing and is not intuitive. 4. Too many clicks and touches are required for one trade by that time prices moves up or down. 5. In charts update rate of candle sticks is too slow very difficult to follow the price trend. 6. Accessibility to order book, net position, DP SR is not on main screen.
Sharekhan:Look and feel has improved but App is very slow and some of the pages are not available yet. Moreover user required to scroll horizontally to see the key details under portfolio page. It would be better it available in landing screen. Hope it would improve soon will give better experience and usability. ------------------------------------------- Updates on 06-Jun-17 : Really appreciates the support and response of the development team. We did conversion couple of times and resolved the issues
Sharekhan:I have created trend lines in the app on old phone. But those trend lines are not available on another phone. Can user data be stored on the server instead of the device. Is there a way I can transfer the trend lines from one phone to another (export / import or copy files). Your app stops updating DOW and S&P 500 data at 12 am IST. The markt data closes at 1:30 or 2:30 am. This data is not updated till next day when US market starts. This used to work properly earlier.
Sharekhan:aap is not much more friendly. some difficult to understand
Sharekhan:Worest app not working properly in critical time
Sharekhan:esign is not working after multiple attempts
Sharekhan:Very bad service. I have an account and not in use , naver trade but fund balance goes negative . Don't open account in this broker. This is cheater company and Ford company.
Sharekhan:They are totally fraud, they deduct CDSL demat account charge two three times from your account, and their customer service is poor ( Personal experience)
Sharekhan:Some news of each stocks needed. if it so, we can purchase good stocks and get more details so that we can decide when to sell or buy it.
Sharekhan:Is it as as Robinhood? No way. Is it better than say Zerodha or ICICI direct? Absolutely. It's better than them about 10x times. But it's not problem free. I have had "no data available" error a handful of times. The error won't go away after closing and restarting the app. I even restarted my phone but it didn't help. On few occasions it would close as soon as I logged in. When it works it works fine.
Sharekhan:very pathetic given request to update details one year back still not updated
Sharekhan:For most of the stocks option selection for current expiry is not available. What is the use of this app then. I complained it many times but no solution
Sharekhan:App opens up in no time. Very secure and safe. Some years back I found it very easy to operate. But now, after adding many features in the app, I am finding it little difficult to navigate. I have an issue with Sharekhan, that is after repeated requests and submission of relevant and required documents also old Bank account is not getting deleted and I'm unable to do transactions and dividends are not getting deposited into my account due to this error.
Sharekhan:Sharekhan app is not working on wifi mode for the week .
Sharekhan:not good service and late working application
Sharekhan:there has been many technical glitches in part few months and you updated the app twice. still the issue persists.. why do you keep updating untill you debug it completely.. every time an update comes, we users hope for better experience but it's same old story. make an update with all issues solved. and after that you please try to include balance statement for all trades made in the app along with limit statement. it's not easy to always login to laptop to know our actual balance.
Sharekhan:App becomes more worst, after every new updates coming in. mostly charts, indicators and performance. several times raised issue. recent update of jun15, the app was not opening after sometime. it says due to technical issue, please try again. after reinstalling app, i can login - similarly 3times done. 21.6.19 lots of bugs has been fixed. but still chart price and real price is not sync at 3mins chart, sometimes charts are not loading and some more bug.
Sharekhan:Good functionality and smooth app. Somewhat more lagging while starting up than the previous version. Also main menu left pane is not user friendly and not directly. Little bit confusing everytime. Now the app is more conjusted due to many functions in the bottom bar, although we can directly reach to one of them anytime...
Sharekhan:With the recent update of SK app of 8th Jan21, the back arrow button to stock watch is not happening. Please check the technical bug as it is slowing the process to check charts. Despite your response that you checked the scenario. The arrow on extreme left next to chart type is still not working. The developer has not correctly responded.
Sharekhan:Thank you for addition extended chart data history.
Sharekhan:Application is fine. Just one concern. Password expires frequently. Even in banking application it expires after a year. While here it expires monthly. so little bit tedious task for user to reset it so frequently. Another point is, instead of remembering two passwords ( membership and transaction), it would be more user friendly if it supports pattern or pin based access.
Sharekhan:brokerage charge high and after oder Executed rate will be changed
Sharekhan:Great service and have depth Knowledge.
Sharekhan:Sherkhan is very good and it is very easy to trade in it. But it is very helpful and I trust it. I believe in it.
Sharekhan:enough information is not provided. UX is bad.
Sharekhan:Sharekhan platform is very useful and handy for all type of traders.
Sharekhan:Its Amazing App. Work smoothly.
Sharekhan:some features are missing
Sharekhan:Very easy to understand
Sharekhan:this app is very helpful in monitoring the stock movement
Sharekhan:I have filed withdrawn request one week back but still not received one rupee. Such a worst platform
Sharekhan:I am operating sharekhan app, website and tradetiger from last 20 years .This sharekhan team is continuously working and giving best updated user friendly platforms. I am very happy to trade and invest thru sharekhan platforms and there research and advisory is superb..... Love you Sharekhan....
Sharekhan:Cannot present ledger balance, or funds present in the account directly. Need to get redirect to the web to know the detais of the fund
Sharekhan:App not working properly
Sharekhan:not user friendly at all
Sharekhan:great app and great service
Sharekhan:Brokerage agar sahi hota ...no one would have come closer to this app
Sharekhan:App is ok but withdraw amount not given since 4,5 days
Sharekhan:Please do not create account in sharekhan. Without any information deduct my money. Given many reasons for deduction. Customer care not support very well they tell only sorry sir,sorry sir. Please visit with agent, branch. If u ask any information simple tell u sorry sir.
Sharekhan:the tips given are very useful
Sharekhan:App stoped working from two days no one cares
Sharekhan:Mobile application is not at all user friendly. Basic features are missing. Could not see the actual cash position. Balance will be shown including margin limit. It is misleading. Reports are also not handy and comprehensive. Script wise Realised/unrealised Report should be available. I am not trading in commodity still I am receiving the pop-up. App Developers should work more to improvise the application. If not improved, I will close the account.
Sharekhan:The interface is too complicated and not very user friendly. You should be able to make it clean like new players kite and upstox. Mutual funds etc can be a separate app if required. Options look too cluttered in single app. Please seriously think about revamping your app to make it more intuitive.
Sharekhan:Great app, I use this app on the go and everywhere where my desktop is not with me. One of the problem I face is when I see chart, volume bar is not updating at time, it updat after two three candles. Please rectify this problem. Thanks for the update. I would like to suggest one more thing that whatever analysis I do on chart (draw trendlines) should be visible on mobile app and on TT as like Global whatchlist. That will be great help to me. My customer ID - 304438
Sharekhan:The previous versions were working fine. but the current updated version is too slow to be operated. I found this the worst ever update ever since I've been using it since around 1.5 yrs. I can't say about other platforms but doesn't work in HTC mobile.
Sharekhan:Please Upgrade the UI like the other apps in the market. Current app seems like old website with less graphical and more written data. The App is rigid and tough to use for new investors and even gets confusing sometimes. However, the App is terrific as it includes ALL the functions and features which you could imagine to perform in market.
Sharekhan:Good App to track your stocks and also to place buy or sell. Few issues like you can't see your current cash balance and High, Low, Open and Close Shows wrong sometimes. Escalated to local support they were unable to fix and ask to uninstall and install app again. Even after multiple uninstall and install issue persists. please Share your email address where I can send my details. Can't Rely on charts in mobile app as , merger/split/demerger don't reflect correctly i.e. Arvind, idea,wipro etc.
Sharekhan:Chart loading is super slow. Charts are not loading in different time frames properly... acting very wierd... because of this i am not able to trade and running into losses. I have purchased new phone one plus 6T thought it will run smooth, but charts are not loading... Kindly help me with this, please.
Sharekhan:Kindly add below features in app:- 1. Equity and Derivatives recommendation should come as a notification and there should be a page so that we can track the call status. It will indeed your Brokerage revenue. 2. When our trade or order got executed, app should notify us as a notification. Because so many time we remain busy and can't check the order status frequently. It will help a lot to traders. Thanks
Sharekhan:Major bug in the app post latest update. Go to portfolio--click on the icon left to the disclaimer option. The app crashes and even after opening the app multiple times, the same is getting crashed everytime. Only option is to uninstall and install again. Check and resolve on priority.
Sharekhan:Some features are not good. 1. The trade tiger web page is not up to the mark. It's defective. 2. The clock shows wrong time. 3. Trade now window is substandard one. It's not taking orders correctly. 4. Totally the website is defective, inconvenient and not at all impressive. 5. If any body approaches me I can explain elaborately.
Sharekhan:Worst on peak times takes ages to update the portfolio or script rates (eg 9:15am or 2:15pm) Need to drag down in portfolio after selecting to ALL from current and vice versa In portfolio, option to set Current/ALL as default should be available, I prefer all as default. It's also useful for transaction history as it's not available anywhere else. Y transaction history can't be seen from any script itself. Always need to go in portfolio. Previous year portfolio should also be avlbl. N more..
Sharekhan:Very poor service of customer care and poor response from their i am trying to login my account from 1 and half month and my account is also active but they are not sort able to shortout my query.
Sharekhan:Absolutely terrible experience. The UI is anything but user friendly. Notifications are late. Equity updates are late. And yes, I'm using the latest version. Instead of working on upgrades, I reckon you rebuild the whole thing from scratch!
Sharekhan:No change noticed. Its hanging through the day. Getting worse day by day. I am user since ten years. It was very good app till 2019 . Compared to many other apps it was very user friendly and fast. In 2020 after May app is not functioning properly. Have raised the issue many time with local team. It looks like they are helpless. Sad that such a wonderful system is getting screwed up when the competition is improving by leaps and bounds
Sharekhan:The new update is causing lots of problems... The application crashes whenever I try to view DPSR report, this never happened with the earlier version.. Moreover the navigation has become tedious with black theme it become difficult to read... The font and background contrast can be worked upon....
Sharekhan:Hi team, for me I love this app. But I am facing one issue since last week, my app doesn't start at all. When I try to open the app it shows as "initialising " and that's it. The main page never shows up. I have tried reinstalling the app. Because of this I have to access the market via browser.
Sharekhan:very nice app. easy to use and quick
Sharekhan:I dont like the new updated view in my portfolio .. This is very similar to what is offered by ICICI direct .. and it is pathetic .. its outdated .. its too many clicks before you can see the whole picture .. the only reason i moved to sharekhan was that the visual dashboard of my investments and overall standing was clear .. now it very cumbersome .. Request you to change back to the previous version of portfolio view .. or atleast i would like mine to be that ..
Sharekhan:Changed the rating for spontaneous reply . Earlier when I looked at charts all the previous data was present over there , but now it will take 20 minutes time to look at previous data on charts after market opens . If you can do something please add one indicator which is envelope indicator , very simple to plot , if possible please add that . Thanks for replying soon .
Sharekhan:There is something wrong. In the middle of trading the order book and net position suddenly vanished. No order or position was being displayed. Tried re-logging in but Unable to login. Everytime u try to login the popup comes up stating "invalid login credentials. Please try again". Have updated password twice and tried logging in but the same message pops up. Kindly correct urgently as today's traded value report needs to be checked.
Sharekhan:Performance of the app is slow over 4G network as well. Every time, need to enter the TD password to view the portfolio. It is not easy to see the account and fund details. Overall app is not so user friendly and need lot of improvements to make users to use it easily.
Sharekhan:Please help in chart settings. When I set up a chart for five minutes time period. And when I change to 3minutes or 10min, then I am not able to see that settings. But in trading view, whichever time you watch, what the setting you have done, you can see on every time frame. So, please suggest the changes I have to do. Or, this facility is not available on this app... Otherwise the app is very good.... Not able to find out. Please guide me how to find app version & how do upload latest.
Sharekhan:Pathetic App Never works on right time. If you want to test your patience this is the best app. Multiple times commmunicated but no one is bothered to sort the same. Whenever there is downfall or sudden spike in market this app will never work as it is designed in same way , I think. These people will only understand when people will leave the platform. More interestingly , I request everyone to see there standard response in most cases.
Sharekhan:After upgrading to latest version everytime i open Equity Portfolio app crashes. Always occurring and cant able to use Equity portfolio at all. What is the point if i cant have the trade monitoring for equities. Release the fix ASAP as its service impacting and causing issue to operations. Tried re-installing the app but no luck.
Sharekhan:Horrible app. 1. Keeps on "initialising" and u need to wait eternally to let the app open. Have already tried uninstalling and installing, still doesn't work. 2. The two factor authentication method is horrible. When you open your portfolio and the app is unable to read your biometric properly, the interface gets stuck. And you will need to close and re-open the app. No other option. Bugs, bugs, and more bugs. After so many negative reviews, the dev/testing team would hv been fired.
Sharekhan:Really Buggy app, the company used to provide very good service and i have had no issues untill recently when they launched their new app. The app fails to load exactly whenever there is sharp market movement. The logic built in to calculate profit loss etc is skewed and you have to login into the web portal ( which is even more confusing) to get actual data.
Sharekhan:It's not opening at all. Very frustrating.. Always it shows a new version update available 2.3.3.8, But I installed a new version 2.3.3.13, why it's not opening the app. Please fix the issue. Again it's not opening and also not update upto dates... everytime asking Membership password, even though I entered correct password. It's frustrating always!!! Again and again its showing system not reachable...
Sharekhan:1.Double lined white fonts in Android app are not clearly visible on dark mode. In white background the fonts are visible but not deep. Would be better if fonts were bold or single lined or coloured. 2. Limited technical indicators both in trade tiger app and Android app. Should have more indicators including AVWAP. 3. There should be some toggles for Option Chain Analysis / charts.
Sharekhan:I have been using the Sharekhan mobile app for quite some time now, and I must say it has truly exceeded my expectations. The app provides a seamless and intuitive trading experience, making it incredibly convenient for me to manage my investments on the go. First and foremost, the app's user interface is sleek, modern, and easy to navigate. It presents a wealth of information in a well-organized manner, allowing me to quickly access real-time market data, track my portfolio, and execute trades
Sharekhan:Worst experience in recent days with this platform. The portfolio page keeps on loading most of the time. Emf holdings are not reflected properly, due to which the sell order is rejected. Many times, the app is slow during the market hours. Sometimes, the chart does not load for the current day. You have to look into this seriously. I am extremely disappointed.
Sharekhan:If you can add the column of %change since the time you have added the script in your watchlist .It will be of great help! Just for this feature I have created a watchlist In etportfolio and I have to keep switching between the apps as I have account with Sharekhan.
Sharekhan:I had applied online for an IPO. The required amount was blocked but under Authorisation tab the status is still showing as pending. I also got the message from my bank that the required amount has been blocked. When I spoke to the staff, they are not willing to understand the issue. Many times the staff don't bother to pick up the calls. Very disappointed with the customer service.
Sharekhan:When viewing the portfolio, the app suddenly displays "No data" and after refreshing multiple times the data is been displayed. And it happens very frequently, which ultimately degrades the application performance. Please work on fixing this bug
Sharekhan:Just the worst app ever. Every upgrade just makes the bugs multiply. STAY AWAY FROM SHAREKHAN. There are much better brokerage services in the country. I have faced multiple issues on so many occasions and noone has solved the bugs immediately. Even my broker's app has bugs when he sends me his screenshots. Data for Nifty and BNF options doesn't load. I WOULD RATE THIS MINUS 5 OUT OF 5. Edit on Nov 4th: the newest version has more bugs than a forest and is lagging more than ever!
Sharekhan:Worst app ever. Once the password is entered, then also it asks for otp and they write that otp has been sent to mobile and email id. I tried 4 5 times and the OTP doesn't come on email at all. With such glitches in stock market app, you just lose the opportunity to buy or sell. PATHETIC USELESS Application. Not even worthy of one star.
Sharekhan:How come the most important funds transfer page doesn't load 90% of the time? It always shows connection time out errors or blank page. I don't think handling payments page is that difficult where all other apps are seamlessly facilitating the same. Poor app management.
Sharekhan:The App asks to submit FATCA/CRS details even before login, and even after submitting all required details it does not get submitted on pressing the submit button. The user cannot login unless this process is over. Customer care is invariably busy, no call back is done. Very frustrating to continue with Sharekhan, will have to look for other DP options.
Sharekhan:The new update is good but I am facing difficulty using charts. certain portion of the charts is not visible due to lack of space earlier we were able to drag down the chart if some value was not visible but now it is not possible. My ID is VIKRAMM0410
Sharekhan:Such a waste of application...I am unable to get OTP on my registered mobile number ..it's been 2 week since your technical team is working on the complaint..my complaint number is SLTD #9143122..I am aware writing here is useless
Sharekhan:App wise great But the recommendations they provide are very very bad. It's like they purposefully give recommendations so that people buy and they can make money. 9 out of 10 recommendations are not just slightly they completely go in opposite direction. The stock will lose upto 3-7% in the following days. Sure they'll give a stop loss but that doesn't justify their recommendations going the other way.
Sharekhan:Hi.. I am facing some issue with the app. When I am trying to go inside its saying updates available and taking me to play store. But surprisingly there is no such update available as its showing option of either unistall or open and when I am pressing open its again showing Update Now. This is becoming a cycle and end result of me not able to login. Kindly look into this and help.
Sharekhan:Worst application everytime it doesn't show portfolio on live it stuck and pop up "There was an error in live portfolio while connecting to the server ".I have very bad experience with this. After this post they will reply we have fixed the issue but you will face again and again. ..They don't understand our value. .. I wanna give -ve rating. .. today again having same issue. ... Today again Same issue. ..
Sharekhan:Hi Team, why are you not updating app likes others trading app. Like very fast and useful options. There is lost of option in all sector that not usfull. App need very handy and fast go through option. Why are you not focusing simple, fast and easy movable functionality. Please do needful. Remove unwanted option from list and try to focus on only relevant option inlist
Sharekhan:The whole format of the app is outdated. Try to make it more user friendly. It's like using windows 95 when the world is using windows 11. I am using it since 3-4 years and nothing major has changed. If you see zerodha and all l. They have changed the look and feel. I want that in sharekhan. Look and feel is important along with how quick the app is. It is slower in comparison.
Sharekhan:Lot of bugs and somehow portfolio page doesn't load most of the times..I have to keep trying to get it working. Very frustrating. This is not random it happens everyday. Get an account from other brokers and learn how to make a simple and intuitive app. Update 2023: Still the same. Reconfirm KYC is empty. Had stopped using this app for some time now. Came back to add funds and start again, but stuck here. Looks like nothing changed.
Sharekhan:Really sad app. It wasn't operating a few days ago and asked for an update. As soon as we clicked the update button, the program failed to download, therefore there was no way to update. I had to phone customer care, who instructed me to remove it before installing it. Today, when I attempted to transfer money to top up my portfolio, a warning stating "Oops,It seems to be some technical error. Please try again" kept appearing. Retry button click merely repeat the same error message.
Sharekhan:Very worst experience. Pls try other apps. This app or company shows that they have less percentage in brokerage but they take funds from our account without informing us and also don't provide us brokerage break down and the costumer care number also doesn't provide good service. I had waited for 48 minutes in the line and with no reason or contact with the customer care they disconnect the call and my time was wasted. I would have given 0 stars if possible
Sharekhan:There is a need to incorporate fingerprint technology for session validations. It's not very convenient to enter password every time one has to place an order or view their portfolio.
Sharekhan:1) We don't receive any pop-up or notification when the order gets executed. We need to alway refresh the order book to know if the order got executed. 2) We cannot add multiple scripts (Call options/put options) at once in watchlist from option chain... We have to always add one by one.. The watchlist refreshes after adding single script.. This consumes lot of time. 3) We don't receive any market/news notifications at all.
Sharekhan:UI is very bad. Report also not good. It will confuse you with early payin and payout. Report wont show script name instead it shows with some value. Every time we need to click to view the script details. Chart is very bad. We cant do any technical analysis using this chart. Kite having excellent UI and ghaph. More disappointed with this app
Sharekhan:Ask the users if it is user-friendly ... Not the developers. The UI does not deliver what the traders want. I understand, adding numerous functions is challenging but that doesn't mean you compromise on user experience. ASK THE USERS...NOT THE DEVELOPERS.
Sharekhan:The app is good, it's just few improvements, the buy price changes when changing the buy to sell option and can we get buy as button while buying or sell as button while selling rather 'Place Order'. Further most important feature I am missing is when can we expect a Technical, Financial & News views about any stock from the App, any plans??
Sharekhan:Experience with SIP on web and app has been insufficient. Especially around setting up Auto Mandate. The app does not allow me to create an Auto Mandate, redirecting me to the amount input box which I have already filled. Cannot progress there. Web: Doesn't allow to add a new bank account. I am trying to set up a new bank account and the error I get is this IFSC code is not in our database. Tried searching for the same, and the portal wasn't able to find it.
Sharekhan:Highest commission. Worst app.Extremely slow. Technical issue try again later. No data found. N/A,N/A Rubbish and Non Sense app Worst Service. I want to do trading but it's showing there is some technical issue,kindly try later. Please realize the importance of timings and atleast not let the app down during market hours. Worst Service
Sharekhan:App crashes multiple time, Live portfolio shows no data most of the times. I reported this issue 5 months back and see no improvement . Lot of people are facing this issue. I have been Sharekhan user for more than 10 years, sharekhan is taking people for granted not doing any improvments and providing lousy suggestions like dont open in list view etc. Its time to move on to diffrent service
Sharekhan:already updated this app with the latest version but Unable to login since morning. Called sharekhan but no help. Very poor customer care..... I think there must be some issues in the backend and they would have resolved the connectivity issue. When I login today (24th Aug) I didn't face any issue and I am able to use the app.
Sharekhan:App is not working. Installed it yesterday and I was able to login in morning. Since evening it started giving this error "Due to technical issue, We request you to try again later". I have been trying again and again since yesterday. Updating further: Small correction in the error message above. Today morning I tried logging in and there was no issue. Will keep it under observation for some more time to make sure it is fixed.
Sharekhan:Very nice mobile application by sharekhan. Very easy to use. Charts can be studied on app itself. U dont need other websites to study charts, draw trend lines or plan trades. Only problem is that the trend lines that i draw on one day, the other day when i open the app, they are gone or are shown as vertical lines anywhere in chart. Also trend lines are sometimes displaced when changing time frame in charts. For other studies app is fine. Plz plz plz fix this sharekhan team. Its urgent
Sharekhan:From last 2 weeks I was not able to open app. I raised concern on sharekhan mail ID. But did not resolved nor get reply. Finally I Uninstalled app then again installed. Now I can view my portfolio. I checked for app update but was not available on play store. Bad service
Sharekhan:I like the app and the interface. It's a bit tedious in order to add the password everytime I'm logged out. This is especially true for the Trading Password. Hoping you'll incorporate the fingerprint sensor into the security aspects instead of using passwords. It would be a lot more easier to use.
Sharekhan:It's really frustrating, updated version is crashing everytime the time I open the app.is the company is now liable to pay refund some money or give some discount on % charge delivery equities... Because of this app I have lost too much money last day and today. The other apps are not even charging any single money on delivery. Guys try to use some new other app who don't not change a 0% on delivery.
Sharekhan:New version is not getting installed in play store.simply revolving circles.old version not open,it asks us to update.but no update option,only shows ' open'.when clicked open,again asks to update.I uninstalled old and tried to install new version on vain.go to the beginning of this comment. Now I have neither old nor new and stopped trading.Thanks.
Sharekhan:It doesnt work at crucial times. Doesnt show numbers. Hence 3 star. Still facing the same problem. Please make necessary improvements in your app. It behaves very erratically. Hope it never stops working during crucial times. Like it did today again. Even the website didnt work today in the morning. There are people who are dependant on app to punch orders in the morning before leaving for work. Today a big move was lost because of this.
Sharekhan:It has become very difficult to work on this app. You are forced to stop repeatedly where your screen is being flashed with the message that app is not responding and its very frequent. With each of the updates the developers are making this app very nasty. And reporting repeatedly too doesn't help at all.
Sharekhan:Very bad experience using both the app and the website. There are a lot of bugs and the customer care is the most unresponsive one I have experienced so far. Its really frustrating to continue to contact the customer care every now and then for issues.
Sharekhan:Very nice and fast app on low bandwidth.. Also much technical indicators. One suggestion i want to add... There are many indicators but i have many trics with diff parameters. So as i can save 5 diff custom market watch in app.. As i need diff custom one or more indicator saving available in desktop app.. Please update if possible.
Sharekhan:Too frequently technical error appears and not able to do trade real time. Poor performance of App. Wow... appriciate the working of team sharekhan... till date nobody contacted for the issue.... still issue is same, and even some times order gets stuck and shows "In Process" user neither can modify nor cancel and it takes long time to execute and if ordered on market price... it pays unwanted loss to user also. Pls share your customer service mail ID, I will share the Cust ID and concern.
Sharekhan:Worst experience!!! Under portfolio tab, Live(EOD) doesn't work properly. Many a times it says couldn't refresh, try again. This problem occurs every now and then. Otherwise "Today's Gain/Loss" is being shown as 0.00. I am really frustrated. Feeling like to move to some other app.
Sharekhan:Lot of bugs in application. 1. Crashed while opening. 2. No data showing in portfolio. 3. Margin % need to be added. 4. Lack of Realtime database even in speed of 40mbps. (Need to refresh everytime). 5. The most important - NO CUSTOMER COMPLAIN HERED OR RESOLVED.
Sharekhan:It is a worse app. Not working properly. and charges are high... Yesterday i was trying to place order for one stock which was trading at low but cud not place order due to your app problem later on that stock turned into green now are you going to compensate me for my losses (which could have been profits for me). Some day your app will not show my portfolio balance.
Sharekhan:Please add a swipe to place order feature like zerodha has. Or atleast, when placing order, show the real time prices, because when I place limit orders, I'm asked to hit the confirm button where I can't see the prices, if the price has moved away, my limit order will never be triggered! I need to see real time prices even as I confirm the order. Otherwise, its the best app I've ever seen.
Sharekhan:Poorly designed app. Refuses to open on realme X. App is updated. Will click on hamburger only if i am able to reach till that point. I click on the app. The main page opens for a second and then the whole app closes. Do you want me to debug and send you the debug codes for you to resolve it.
Sharekhan:Two problem I want to highlight are:- 1. Process of adding a script in the watchlist is too complicated, especially option strike of any script. 2. With the new update, you introduced option of fingerprint unlock/trading password, when I use fingerprint it shows "invalid data" And than app freezes, to intiate it again it require to close the app first and restart.
Sharekhan:The app crash issue was solved with latest update. But the issue of not showing the portfolio and showing No data always. Its disgusting to see when the market is in peak trades. The app is not suitable at all to watch the portfolio. Am using the latest version.
Sharekhan:I had uninstalled the older version and installed the new version on Friday. However, the experience since then is extremely bad. The app frequently shows technical error as a result of which my portfolio is not being shown majority of the time. Kindly rectify the issue ASAP.
Sharekhan:It asks for password change for a large number of times. It becomes frustrating to everytime login and to see "your password has expired" every other time you try to login. However, it's a good app overall.
Sharekhan:The app is better in many aspects. But I miss the option of squaring of looking at market price. As i have to do two more steps to do that. Plz add market price and square off in one window which will be help full to square of at a particular point Where other competitor have it. Like I want to squre off at a particular price
Sharekhan:Login issue and fund performance tracking is now user friendly, its very good to see fund performance percentage changes and tracking is very clear. I changed rating from 1 to 4 star. App has inproved a lot, but still scope: it asks for password everytime in navigation while it should ask trading password only at the time of placing order and fund transfer/withdrawal.
Sharekhan:Where is mutual fund option? UI is extremely poor and slow. Every time ask for password, can't control session time, doesn't open up immediately even in good network. Update: most of the issues are fixed now prompting from 1 to 4 star
Sharekhan:Critical bug in the app after recent upgrade. Using nokia 8.1. not able to login to the app, after providing user credentials it closes and reopens the app repeatedly in a loop. It is also not possible to go back or close the app. Only I neet to switch off internet connection to stop the application.
Sharekhan:Does not even open tried multiple times reinstalling. It's stuck at the first screen at initializing and then connection times out. Even tried it on multiple devices and same issue. Second comment, still facing the same issue. Cannot even open the app. Connection timeout at the initializing stage itself
Sharekhan:After updating the new version 2.3.3.13 it is not allowing me to work on it. Every time I try to open the app, I get a message on the screen that there is a new version 2.3.3.8 with an Update button only. When I click on this button, it takes me to the Play Store but there is nothing to update. Play Store gets opened with Open and Unistall buttons only. Pathetic. I even tried re-installing the app but getting the same msg.
Sharekhan:This version 2.3.3.19 is the one I recently got in update. This is the most inferior version, most unfriendly version, this is the story of every morning, data is not stable. Every morning we need to place orders, modify / cancel our existing orders, but the portfolio is not reachable, it says "There was an error in Live Portfolio while connecting to the server. Please try again latter" or "Due to some technical issue, we request to try again". This is every morning story. In mkt delay is not
Sharekhan:After recent update of app, every time after log out app does not allow to log in back. It shows invalid user credentials error message. I have to uninstall and again install the app and then it allows me to access with same credentials used earlier. Daily I have to uninstall and install the app in order to o log on
Sharekhan:This is probably the worst trading app to use. It's so complicated and difficult to understand and also have so many bugs. My money has got deducted while adding fund to the equity cash balance but it's not reflecting in equity balance and I am not able to find the stupid contact us option to report that!
Sharekhan:Everything is awesome, infact one of the best charts ever used, for chart analysis, ONLY facing LONG TIME issue of all the drawing trends, gets spoiled and becomes vertical lines, any advice for trends line to stay, some are solved by changing the time frame and getting back to that time fram candle stick charts but not always it solves it ? please help
Sharekhan:Horrible user experience. The app either crashes continuously or the OTP won't generate. Unable to even open the app after downloading latest version. In the name of security it requires to reset password every 30 days. Which is very irritating. Even banking apps so not ask to do so. Switched to zerodha.
Sharekhan:Password gets expired frequently, and until it's reset, one can't open it! Why this overdrama? What's the need to expire the password at all, and that too frequently, when we ourselves aren't desiring to change it? Portfolio many times doesn't open despite of good net connection. This app frustrates!
Sharekhan:In this app some problem which are as under 1. Not user friendly for new trader, required simple UI and easy to use. 2. Some time price alert not work. 3. In chart historical data loading time is high because of it use of chart is very slow. 4. Required more drawing tool like TradingView.
Sharekhan:App is not allowing me to navigate back to option chain window from one of the strike price value after the new update.. Eg: If I try to navigate banknifty option chain Strike price 22000 CE not able to navigate back to option chain window. Hope most of users will be facing this kind of issue. Kindly provide us a quick fix for this bug
Sharekhan:There is an issue which needs to be fixed. None of the indicators can be used like macd moving averages etc. While applying any indicator the ok tab is freezed while cancel tab is working properly. It does not make any sense . Please rectify the issue asap.
Sharekhan:Hi, The app is almost perfect but if you can add feature to rotate the screen only if user wants to do it. For example, I am seeing chart and if I rotate my mobile to adjust my view angle, the app screen automatically rotates which is very frustating at times. Kindly leave it to user by puting layout symbol or kindly add it in setting as preference.
Sharekhan:App not working after last update. Fails to launch. Even after another update on 26/02/21, it's still not working. I did update to (v2.3.3.15). But the problem persists. Portfolio section list view is of least concern as the app simply fails to launch even after the update. It crashes on the start.
Sharekhan:This is the worst experience I ever had with any customer service in my life. They never answer the calls, even after holding for an hour or more. Call automatically get disconnected anytime after 45 minutes. I called "N" times. My wait position was 3 or 2 in all these calls. Emailed them with my issue, and there is no reply for that as well. I am not able to do live chat as the problem I face is all about login. I am not able to login. Tried all posiible ways, but was in vain. Overall a total waste of time, money and energy.
Sharekhan:Informative. But all modules are not available or user friendly as the other competitors. I cant add the another bank details , my nominee details even. Need to go to physically to submit the form. This is not good looking into current pandemic situation. Single app should be enough to handle all the queries or details and should represent the physical branch itself.
Sharekhan:I don't know how or why this app is not able to display my portfolio during market hours so many times, it has become a habit. I have to restart the app in order to see it. And later again it has the same problem, it says technical error and shows as no data. Even the details of a particular stocks are sometimes unavailable. I'm not having a good time with this broker, I will switch to others soon!
Sharekhan:It's a good platform, but several UX improvements are possible to make experience better. While two factor authentication aids security the monthly password change policy is difficult to keep up with. Also the interface with CDSL can be improved. The fund transfers to platform take time and withdrawals even take longer. Making it more real time or same day would be appreciable.
Sharekhan:I wanted your attention. Thank you for asking The charts are not working properly both on the web and app mainly in currency No tutorial videos on how to use the app. Where can I check my funds and balances Overall look and feel is not up to the mark. Discount brokers like upstox have way better UI and UX. Kindly compare the app with theirs and you are a full service broker.
Sharekhan:Not a good experience, app does not open mostly. When tried to change password, and login through OTP, requests timeout. On calling the customer care, nobody responds, you have to keep waiting and waiting until you disconnect the call. Really bad experience
Sharekhan:While opening the portfolio, the app is not responding mostly in the morning session. Now the after entering into the app, and login using fingerprint, it closes automatically. Many times I installed and uninstall the app, but the issue not solved Please look into this on top priority and resolve it
Sharekhan:UI is looks so difficult to understand. It shoul be more user-friendly. Need to add grafics and chart's as like other apps. Worst experience in Payment gateway for upi. Transaction fails so many times and amount debits from account. And takes time to refund.
Sharekhan:Horrible app from a top broker firm.. Lost many opportunities as I need to cross mountains and rivers to place an order from this app... Just using it as a tool to check status... Not recommended.. Go for desktop version as user experience is little less rustic
Sharekhan:hate the app in toto. main reason to hate is I'm long term invester. I check my position on quarterly or half yearly basis. The system of changing passwords after 30 days sucks. Or else you must ask to change both membership and trading password at the same time. Remembering both pasawords and changing everytime is a headache. I don't need privacy and security but convinience. Gonna close all my sharekhan accounts.
Sharekhan:Update 28-Feb, Thanks Team, after latest version installion, issue resolved. Fast response and issue resolution. Kudos. Issue resolved: Crashes most time. Following nse glitch yesterday app is not getting logged in following password entry but just closes out. Then based on Sharekhan's recommendation, uninstalled and installed again. Now app abruptly terminates staying app is not responding. Sorry guys..
Sharekhan:It always show update now. Sometimes login error. But I already updated. And in playstore it doesn't show update. Kindly solve my issue. Even ledger facility and balance information doesn't show in app. Makes difficult for us to understand.
Nuvama:'No Data Available' error when you tap the search icon. Refreshing Recent searches returns the same error. Strongly NOT recommended app for time-sensitive and high value trades. Now, Holding shows an error. Even Holding report is not working. Buggy app is becoming more buggy. Waste of money.
Nuvama:App is good, easy to use, well informative, App covers various things that's really good. But I have little concern about chart, indicator and it's settings. And I'm sure that you guys are working on it.
Nuvama:Overall it's good few feature are missing. 1. Basket order along with margin calculator 2.Smart exit like fyers and grow has the same feature even they are new in industry.
Nuvama:App is great and technology wise you guys are doing fabulous job. I don't think any other broker can match your services in terms of user experience. Keep doing great job and make sure to improve whatever it takes as per requirements.
Nuvama:They are selling their 3rd class product at high rate. 1. Their tradingview chart is full of bug they create different candle, volume indicator doesnt work in live market. 2. No basket or Gtt order in app. 3. in Bracker Order its too complex to quickly modify SL or Target (atleast benchmark kotak new). In short big No for trader 10 rupees order is trap. Only good thing is TX3 screener but only for them who cant create their own, and TX3 is free so dont need to open account for that.
Nuvama:The charting tool in the app is too basic and doesnt have much functions. The charting tools needs to be updated.
Nuvama:While squaring off the trades the market price should be visible to the user which is currently not the case. However, all else is fine. We are also looking forward for API capabilities in future.
Nuvama:We have faced huge problem while trade from mobile app. 1st of all we open market watch( Mainly in options trading) there showing a price of for example 18150 CE price is showing 200 but when we click on T (Buy/Sell) there price showing 230. Why the difference is showing in market watch and buy/Sell place? Same in online platform such as:- Grow, Zerodha, etc etc, there live showing but here bit slow, always we have to refresh again & again, then the price is update, but network is ok...
Nuvama:App go slow when peak time order placing. Indicators are half cooked laggards. No invotive approach.just formal app.no upgradtion.and the broker is worst and unfriendly debiting unilaterally violates own terms
Nuvama:App is improved a lot but consider following changes. Right now open and close positions are shown in single window.It is very difficult to track when multipme positions are open. There should be two tabs. Open position and close positions with realised and unrealised MTM. No option to change theme . By default dark theme provided. Trade confirmation messages are delayed by 10 to 15 seconds. Option chain is not integrated in stock quote tab. Everytime we have to visit derivative segment.
Nuvama:I am very satisfied with the App. is it possible to give more market depth order placed details as zerodha provide in its app. it is very helpful. Further, it will be very helpful if GTT order option available in APP.
Nuvama:Good UIUX and functionality. Little more effort to make it more convenient to use...will make it excellent
Nuvama:Best app to view charts on mobile. The way they have optimized charts for mobile is amazing. kudos to the good work.
Nuvama:Almost all brokers gives 80% amount immediately but this broker doesn't give, it has lot of issues should change to other.
Nuvama:I am using this app since launch really outstanding. Interface is superb you can do research in concentrate way.
Nuvama:App is excellent but company should organize training to understand charts and other tools better
Nuvama:The moment Edelweiss became Nuwama the quality of the app, services and research has gone to its low. Relationship manager doesn't contact and customer care reply weird..
Nuvama:Very bad experience. No support from team Lots of problems in account opening and ...
Nuvama:Never works in first go. One has to open and close it at least 3-4 times to get it working.
Nuvama:Nice upgrade but request to keep Nuvama charts as it is along with other chart options as Nuvama user interface is extremely good.
Nuvama:Total laggard app most of the times chart keeps loading forever. We have to close it and again start it for it to work overall very bad experience. Whe. This app was under Edelweiss it was quite better
Nuvama:Very often lot of error, due to this some time seen loss also. Lot of improvement required, basis on reply received, would like to say called and informed many time to your customer care , and requested for quick resolution but they only transferred my call and said, team is working on the issue and will be corrected soon. When I ask TAT for resolution then got reply there is no TAT, we will resolve issue soon. But no resolution on same day. Errors are generally are for the day.
Nuvama:Dear Nuvama even though you know very well about the issues this app facing and yet you are waiting to hear the issues from users..Nuvama is going to be a big community sooner, clients put their money by trusting your app and you making this app interface looks like some news paper channels. Just have a look at other broker apps and try to do the same without error and glitches..instead of solving the issues you asking "please share your account details and contact numbers" This line wont help.!
Nuvama:Modification order not updated promptly on refreshed screen. Kindly include GTT order feature in the app
Nuvama:Good and faster access to index and stocks
Nuvama:Good app, thank you If possible address the issue of addition of new script works only when the primary watchlist is active.
Nuvama:Little expensive in terms of brokerage, however message and alerts are too good. Never hangs
Nuvama:worst service by them .. they don't give call back when we request for a call back .. no notional cash available for trade same day .. earlier that option was there .. fund transfer option to my account I was not able to do even next day of getting money after selling .. stock suggestions have been removed .. I really don't like this app anymore ..
Nuvama:I cannot see midcap nifty chart. i tried contacting multiple times to support team never reply they solve my query. multiple times I email you.
Nuvama:Some Charts are coming wrong, study will go wrong. i mean charts are not adjusted after bonus/splits . Bonus and splits are very old still it is not adjusted in charts . I.e aarti Durgs binus not yet adjusted.
Nuvama:Not able to open account since the drop-down list for selection of city doesn't open
Nuvama:Excellent app. Plenty info and easy to navigate. I love this app for the info and design.
Nuvama:app has changed a lot from worse to good.Lets hope it stays this way.Improvement can be achieved in stock details where the news sections shows only quarterly results of a mid or large or a megacap company for a period of 30 days while in moneycontrol u can see last quarter result details as well as each quarter for a year.Also most small cap & micro cap result details are not published in news section. Remember most of ur clients have to research from other forums to invest in small & microcaps
Nuvama:Very bad application for trading and not good facility for trading i request people to never download this i had a lots of problems and many major issues at the time of trading
Nuvama:Useless App and service I had requested 4times for callback but got no call back.money has been deducted from my account but shares has not been Truly unprofessional behaviour.
Nuvama:Very good application but option treding system very poor please work
Nuvama:Easy to use. Function well. And service is also amazing
Nuvama:Interface is Good but Brokerage is too high
Nuvama:Nuvama Markets has truly elevated my trading experience. The mobile app is user-friendly, intuitive, and packed with features that make trading effortless. From real-time market updates to seamless order execution, Nuvama Markets has everything I need to stay on top of my investments. Highly recommend to all traders, whether you're a beginner or seasoned investor!
Nuvama:Nuvama App is user friendly and provides real time information. I like it very much. Thank you
Nuvama:Very nice app. Without login gives all details. This is the fastest thing without logging in.
Nuvama:Superb User friendly interface and much more things available which required for trading as well as investing..
Nuvama:Good App for realtime market/global news. Can work for some better output
Nuvama:App gives very useful,fruitful information regarding shares.I like this and watch app to get all perameters for knowledge and business purpose.
Nuvama:A very easy to use app and has so much to share as its rich in content!!!
Nuvama:Chart is very good but improvement can be taken for buying and selling options
Nuvama:Every time one has to enter password & OTP. Finger print login is useless.
Nuvama:Provides you with an exceptional edge over the data with apprehended accuracy
Nuvama:Needs to work on withdrawal time..and also after selling the trade money does not come into account till next day..this is too much of a time..because of this i cannot do multiple trades
Nuvama:kindly update app charts are not opening not getting information on click on any stock
Nuvama:App is very good but some devlop in design function and ...stock and f&o is showing in deeply...
Nuvama:I loved it All the information reached to me before other site's. Very easy and transparent
Nuvama:Love the app..I would like it if some experts call me to update with ideas..
Nuvama:Very user friendly application and easy to use
Nuvama:Worst app seen in my life. Trying to open ac for last 3 days, spent hours along with my broker but failed to open the ac. The company must think about the issue
Nuvama:I love the user interface of the app and particularly the way they have managed things in very well framework. According to me it is one of the best mobile trading and investment app i have ever use. I have use approximately 8-10 trading apps.
Nuvama:No sync of frontend and banckend validation in form sign up process the validation takes it back to the first page to fill everything again.. Worst experience, QA missed everything.
Nuvama:No stock reasearch reports are sent. It's very difficult to connect with customer care. If you try chatting they expect instant messaging. Don't give time to type and they quit without resolution
Nuvama:Worst app and worst service provided. Purchase a vodaphone idea fpo but upi authentication not received on the paytm application. Chat doesn't connect to the live agent. Poor app interface.
Nuvama:Some another improvement is needed at position square off, at position display one touch square of requirement is needed, when we add Stop loss order then doesn't square off from poition display, there are need to go modify order and square off it at market value, Then now required here one correction in this case when we add Stop loss order and this same order square off from position display, now here created another new order, so avoid that new order and square off same order from stoplos.
Nuvama:This app had typical problem that once tried to in non internet situation or of an update is already available it tends to hang on in same position of not opening even if internet resumes or update is installed
Nuvama:Now is log - in problem in this app, I suffering whole day but no any assistance came to help. There are multiple issues in this app, so I feel bad experience now a days. Please improve this problem.
Nuvama:Too much bugs.. buffer in checking chart
Nuvama:The Scripts suddenly disappear, the purchase cost is showing wrong in many Scripts due to which the profit shares also show loss. All data of purchase/sale date is gone when you updated from the older version. Now at the end of the year I don't know if I have profit or loss during the year. You are advised to feed correct data from the old application. Rajesh Srichand Bathija
Nuvama:App didn't open. Please check something jawa script error like showing
Nuvama:Very nice software, easy to work
Nuvama:The app content has improved a lot in recent times with addition of option chain and OI, max pain related graphs which are useful. There are couple of bugs in the app since long time and needs to be fixed. When you click on Nifty/Sensex from main page, and check any individual stock via the constituents tab, pressing back button takes you back to the main page instead of going to the constituents tab. Fixing this issue would help to bring a smoother experience for users.
Nuvama:I can't log in to my application for the last two days. I can't do any investment for last two days.
Nuvama:So much comfortable & knowledge providing news by the creator at the better than best possible solution
Nuvama:Third class service, heavy panels changes have recovered, even account didn't use from last 18 month, very bad experience.
Nuvama:Nuvama chart and tradeview charts switchover not working on Samsung S6 tablet kindly look into the same.
Nuvama:# App should display broader indices all the time. We have to drag the bull icon and hold it for 2-3 seconds to see the updated indices. # It's such a headache to add a few scripts to the watchlist. Why can't I directly search the scrip by its name across all segments like equity, index options, futures, etc. Take the help from kite, that app is unbelievably awesome. # Sometimes, positions do not get updated automatically. We have to drag it manually on the positions screen to update it.
Nuvama:Recently, the app is updated forcefully. Now, I am unable to understand the portfolio section. The old portfolio section is very user friendly. In the updated version, the old transactions are not available in portfolio section. Moreover, in the order section also, there is a bug. Everytime, the tickmark of 'show only open orders' is required to check and uncheck. Day by day, the user interface of the app becomes complicated. So do needful for the same and make the ui of app user oriented.
Nuvama:Very nice butter smooth and friendly...
Nuvama:Nuvama is a fraud company involved in account bungling. It squared off my ITC future lot at the lowest price of day and only credited the lot margin to my limits and the profit was not credited. Same it did with my Tata chemical lot. My previous tickets/complaints are evidences of manipulation of accounts aimed at causing me losses, but no action by nuvama. This is bungling in accounts by Nuvama. Nuvama does not consider itself accountable. I have also reported it to SEBI for mal-practices.
Nuvama:Very easy to use and support by RMs
Nuvama:Change icon on google pixel phone icon background colour change full black App name too lone ,make it single line on pixel phone
Nuvama:Very good app. It has all the information for the share market
Nuvama:# App should display broader indices all the time. We have to drag the bull icon and hold it for 2-3 seconds to see the updated indices. # It's such a headache to add a few scripts to the watchlist. Why can't I directly search the scrip by its name across all segments like equity, index options, futures, etc. Take the help from kite, that app is unbelievably awesome. # Sometimes, positions do not get updated automatically. We have to drag it manually on the positions screen to update it. 338 peo
Nuvama:The application doesn't work. It takes ages to load data and needs to be refreshed manually to track market movements. Worse than my experience with the application was Edelweiss' customer service's apathy. I have been chasing them for more than month on these technical issues, but all I got was an automated response. It's unfortunate that I have my prepaid brokerage charges with them. Otherwise, I would have switched over long ago. It seems they don't care about customers at all.
Nuvama:Most informative, beautiful, butter smooth app. MOST TRANSPARENT + VERY VERY LOW COST BROKER. . Trade 9.15 or 3.29 without lag. Super. NO HIDDEN COST. NO TOOO MUCH CHARGE LIKE ZERODHA, GROW, ANGLE, CHOR LIKE M STOCK + DHAN.
Nuvama:Finger print lock is not working.In setting section it says that I need to register with my mobile.earlier it was working smoothly,but last month it got logged out automatically and now not working
Nuvama:Other mobile user not working properly old is good.
Nuvama:I uninstalled the app today, the developer could not give attention to fix the bugs, the charts frequently hangs in vital times.
Nuvama:App is not working properly and we cannot click on perticular scrip
Nuvama:One of the best app in this category. It would be great if you can make chart scrollable. Right now it adjusts to screen size if more indicators are added to it. Also after recent updates app does not open on one click. After first click it shows splash screen then I have click app icon one more time to open the app.
Nuvama:Works well and happy. Keep innovating
Nuvama:Nuvama's customer care staff is literally bloody garbage people who don't care about Nuvama customer..if you have an query then write mail to Nuvama customer care but they garbage people never reply your any mail...very soon the result is Nuvama will de-growth in their profits with the support of Garbage employees...
Nuvama:Use to be a state of the art app back in 2020 after the name switch they changed completey, they have no proper chart interface for a day or swing trader to judge the moment i mean draw some trendlines on mobile app, mediocre interface could upgrade.interface is little tough to manipulate plus usual lag could improvise on that. Dont have weekly basis scanner on a long term perspective like nr7 or nr4
Nuvama:Terrific app! It does all the things you need an investment simulator to do and more. I have no problems with the functions and it includes extra options to make your experience more realistic such as limit orders. It also includes news pages to help you keep track of the market and other interesting information.
Nuvama:Now' why they removed research call option don't know. No updataion. Now finger print option not working .. Bad experience...
Nuvama:Loving it but sometimes its very slow
Nuvama:Nice experience.Only the brokerage bis higher than competetor.
Nuvama:UI needs lot of imprvement..light theme not available..not easy to place orders and exit.
Nuvama:Interface is very good and easy, but giving one star because, Trailing stop loss facility is not in this app, bracket order is only for equity not for option. I can only set either target for sell and stopless, not both same time. Loss happening because when price goes down to target then square off doesn't work, need to modify sell order that takes more time so loss increses. I will definitely give 5 star rating if you provide these facility. Edit - Now problem solved by edelweiss. Thanks
Nuvama:Improved features are excellent
Nuvama:Very poor app. Need to improve in many sections compared to other peers. Almost crashing, lagging, even shows wrong holdings list. Strange and scary. Basic Holding details report you can't see on the main menu of this app! You have to open all the time PnL menu to see it. Too irritating during high trading sessions.
Nuvama:It's an awesome platform, need to improve some user friendly interface and detailed news
Nuvama:Very useful app. Only in tools of free hand included along with horizontal line, trend line, parallel channel etc. & just like trading view if given measurement also while drawing trend lines. & yes even though device watch list saved. If clicked on right hand side bottom. Saved change not working & watchlist automatically varnishes. Even though good one app
Nuvama:amezing, classic, this is one only app with live market rates, news and many more. like one bukey with all flower. commodity, currency, equity, news update, result update, screeners, mutual funds and research calls too. charting is so easy. but only one thing is missing, vwap. vwap is very good indicator for intraday. pls add vwap in charts for better results in intraday. overall app is very usefull
Nuvama:Amazing job by adding screeners in the app.. Though, It would be great if there is an option to filter out the F&O stock when screener shows the result as it shows in market stats. One less star bcoz even with high speed Internet I need to refresh my watchlist many times to update the prices.
Nuvama:hi, need to open atleast 2 mobiles at a time. after entering stock spelling its need to give nearby stock name even it will not starting with the same wording. also better after entering stock name if it's show future option script. it's taking time to select particular types. if possible do icon base selection instead of dropdown list to avoid time while putting a call. thanks
Nuvama:The best app and the best peoples working as a family Very nice interaction This app is never slow it has all that is required And if dmat account in nuvama believe me the market where ever it goes you will always be positive Leaving the natural calamity Dont just install this app open an account
Nuvama:Mutual fund trading from app was good but with updated version it's not working, need to go on web page. NCD & ETF orders not be able to place. Existing problem are not getting resolved but new one is add. App frequently showing negative value in account and needs to clear position or add money. No T+4 position in account but still it is showing obligation, it's worst experience by Edelweiss.
Nuvama:This was such a nice app (performance and features) wise both earlier. Since, the development team has changed and Edelweiss has become Nuvama, the performance metric has drastically taken a hit. The charts won't just open regularly despite of a great network. Everytime a restart is needed to load a new chart.
Nuvama:It's been years since I started regular trading but never experienced a bad broker as this. It's the worst. In the digita world, it's the only app which runs on hardcopy doc mode. They didn't adopt better tech and solutions during the worst phases of covid and they are still unwilling to improve. Thank God I added only a small amt ( 10-12k) which got stucked. Hence I had to take a hero zero trade coz I can't see my money stucked for years. It's a loss but happy to finally able to delete this.
Nuvama:This app hangs a lot and signs you out , stops showing live position book in peak trading hours, around 9.15 to 9.30, 2.30pm, 3.10pm. Reported the issues the multiple times but no response , the support just keeps blaming internet connection, whereas I have tested this at 10 different locations and also got it tested with my referrals , the issue is persistent. All this has added to huge losses as one is not able to square off position in time. I hope they take it seriously and correct it.
Nuvama:I find the app very useful as an Option seller, as i Require live Greek data to purchase and sell. However one thing i miss is bulk squaring off the current position, as we have in zerodha kite, where just by holding and selecting the scrips and squaring off all at once at the present rate. Here, I have to Individually squre off each trade position, and obviously it takes time, and price changes within that fraction of time.
Nuvama:1. Include the option to trail the stoplosses in cover orders. Coz other brokers have that option. Without this option we sometimes end up converting profits to losses... Ughh... 2. Please include the option of activating quick notifications ( live without any latency) for results etc. So that we can initiate a quick and short trade.....
Nuvama:App is running too slow from last 15-20 days. All other apps are running smoothly on my phone, except this one. I have updated it too, but no results. But, thanks to you... It started working very good, afterwards.
Nuvama:Feeling very bad experience.. Opened account with very excitement.. All trust went like any thing.. Option trading has not activated during account registration.. After 1 months.. once I written mail to support.. there reply with new Documents need to submited in courier .. Every thing done.. No respond from 1month.. thinking deactivate account and go for better support app.. Better no to go with Edelweiss.. Waste of time and energy.
Nuvama:App is smooth, intuitive and easy to use. One suggestion - Although alert option is present (regarding particular price alert for a stock) but the alert is sent on mail / SMS. The same alert could be flashed via notification in the notification drawer as well while using the app. Other apps are doing the same.
Nuvama:Renko charts - changed brick value doesn't get saved. For eg - In 5 min TF , the default brick value is around 34.5 , if I change it to 10 .. it shows 10 ..as long as I am seeing the chart .. if I go out of chart window and come back again it again shows the chart with brick value of 34.5 .. the 10 value does not get stored. I guess you guys are using percentage of absolute value.. in that case give us options of selecting which ever percentage one wants .. 0.1, 0.25 Pnf charts - same issue
Nuvama:Easy to navigate. Yet faced few issues while it auto winds in between research. No controls on brokerage charges..i have pair 5k to avail price cut feature exceeded limits..at times they charge 45 for options one side and in between i5 was 90 one side i seriously ront understand the scenario..got fedup with pricing sudden spikes.
Nuvama:App is very good but as i demanded earlier too i am expecting weekly monthly and daily CPR , Standard etc pivot points to update automatically in graph . Parallely with previous day low and high which will be more help full . This is required for both equity and commodity market . Apart app is working good and user friendly. Many thanks for matured app.
Nuvama:I am constantly having difficulty opening the app. It is frustrating. Sonal tries to help as best as he can. Today after I put in my I D, e-mail and pan number, the app opened and then my Holding and my P&L did not open. Sonal sold the shares. But even now holding and P&L is not opening. This is very frustrating as it happens regularly. Before NUVAMA took over, the Edelweiss app use to work without a glitch. Get your act together quickly and reduce our frustration.
Nuvama:Really a great app to trade with mobile. But I only have one problem with it that it takes long time to load charts when you change time frame of candel and I think you should also add white background option in your app.
Nuvama:The app is one of the best apps for trading. There are a few interface improvements that could be done. Lately switched to the S23 ultra and when I place an order, the round `working` symbol shows up and then the app hangs. I need to restart the app to get it working.
Nuvama:My first experience with Edelweiss: Their process seems to be complicated I tried opening a new account, when i was submitting the form observed an unknown name being linked with my account and forcing me to select a relationship from given options. This is very unusual - why should i link my account with any unknown guy? Second, even after pulling address data from aadhar, it asks for selecting 'area' and randomly throws some location name and modifies the address. This is wrong.
Nuvama:Needs much improvement. There is no option provided to convert the shares bought in one mode to another mode viz.from MTF to Delivery CNC or MIS etc. Angel broking provides this facility. Also customer support is worthless and pathetic. When notifications are blocked,still they are pouring in. All the more, every now and then, technical snags are there...why such frequent breakdowns ??
Nuvama:Edit 1: 5Aug. Filters are added. So my first point is taken into consideration. Thanks for this. Now, i would like to request to the premium of each strike currently trading at, everytime we need to add the all strikes to select. -----Edit2:26 Sept: good progress in making changes, but lot of new bugs introduced. 1. Streaming/or header if we change from sensex to nifty. That's not retaining it's state. 2. One click to postions not available on home, rather there watchlist. Do proper testing.
Nuvama:This app was working good. Suddenly after the last auto update the Alert bell icon is missing. So I am unable to view or change or delete the past set alerts. Since there is no provision to see past alerts, I have to create new alerts every day for the same scrip. So when I get alert sms, I am getting many sms for the same value in a string. This makes very uncomfortable. My RM is not responding to the mail and calls. Very pathetic.. For me the app becomes useless.
Nuvama:Getting the "unknown host exception" error while running this app on mobile network. Kindly look into this matter on an urgent basis as the app doesn't work on mobile network for me. It only works on my personal wifi. Looking forward to a quick resolution.
Nuvama:I would have not given 1 start also. Such a pathetic app. The new version is very bad and also it doesn't give detail view of portfolio like before. The old version was very easy to understand and navigate. This is pathetic......... bring back the old version or else we have to close the account
Nuvama:The application requires very high internet speed. It keeps on hanging while other application like kite works very well with the same internet connection speed. Moreover, the orders and positions tab should be in the very front of the home screen. Please make it correct.
Nuvama:Iam using this app from last 2 years.firstly it was simple and good. Later they added all the nonsense stuff like language setting,fingerprint... etc.(this may not required). I think they need to provide which is useful to trading prospective.The load for this app is heavy beacause the app always struck between trading....worst situations I faced.
Nuvama:need lot of improvement in mobile app. 1. Need to add Basket order ( Bulk order not possible to place it at a time ) 2. Square off all postion in single click not available in mobile app. 3. difficult to add script in mobile app. 4. voice command required to select script . Good Things 1. Graphical OI data can be possible to see. 2. We can select strike price and trade on OI data graph.
Nuvama:Hi Nuvama Team, The app is having some glitches. 1. When an order is placed, it does not show in orders..unless we manually tick the box of open orders and untick again to see all orders...this creates enormous drag in updating 2. The old P&L reports were very good and we could see the P/L, avg buy, last transactions very easily and consolidated. The new P&L report has too many things to analyse and select to get a clear picture Please give us the option to use Old P&L report.
Nuvama:The app experience is otherwise okay but in certain aspects it's just too bad. Whenever you click on any notification it just opens the home screen of the app and never takes you to that news which was there in the notification. And finding that news piece separately is in itself a task.
Nuvama:Very poor app. I am quiting edelweiss. Today lost 40k for this hopeless app. Stopped working in the middle of market. Could not place orders. Lastly had to login through web platform and exit positions. Now who will take blame for this loss? No one. They are telling me it's a system issue. So enough is enough. I am quiting.
Nuvama:Extremely poor charting experience Not observed point and figure charts option, Renko charts option...even indicators like triple exponential moving average, vwap, pivot points are missing in this so called ADVANCED CHARTING..it's good for someone who doesn't know the ABCD...OF THE MARKET but for those who checks charts before doing trading it's not that much useful. Worst customer care, no reply to mail at all. No any dedicated technical helpdesk contact number
Nuvama:This mobile trader app is a much more polished version of its previous versions. The interface and content are far more engaging and keeps one on their toes. As someone who's new in the trading sphere. The app makes it easy for me to gauge the concepts and use them wisely.
Nuvama:I personally love the interface...more like the old times black ,green and red ... general market view is at par if not better than money control ..some screeners too.. reasearch calls are not bad either (u can gain profits but u will have to use ur own head) brokerage is decent too..chart and Fibonacci retracement on the phone app is good too.. I recommend to all.
Nuvama:The app is ok, but the charts can be better...... More customizable, also portrait mode for charts would be a great addition.... Otherwise the app is good the response time for charts is good.. just more customizability with the charts the indicators and we are good to go.
Nuvama:App is hangs on frequent basis after some time. Í checked for update but it is up to date. After opening the app, when I want to trade and press T, or press on equiety name to see its day high or low but is is not doing any thing. Every time I have to close the app and restart it.
Nuvama:Hi Nuvama/ Edelweiss I would like to say a vote of thanks for such a great application with the simple UI. There's one issue which issue I would like to express. I can't see option Greeks for any stock or index option chain. If you can resolve the issue, I would be grateful to you.
Nuvama:I am using this app since brokerage service provided by edelweiss is perfect for me. I would suggest to improve chart feature with more indicator as well as the layout. It would be better if you provide the chart availability in potraid mode also.
Nuvama:While the app gives lot of real time data points and live tracker, it hangs most of the time while starting up which is very painful. Unless you close and reopen multiple times, can't get inside the app. Hope you will fix this...
Nuvama:Total waste. Tried to update bank details recently. The app captured an wrong MICR. Which we cannot edit. Serious flaw in app. After having made several requests they asked me to send physical form for the correction. After sending physical form, now they have com up with another error they have made while opening the account. You cannot raise a query through Customer care number. Customer care number is only for opening new ac, marketing and trading. Only option is sending mail and wait. Waste
Nuvama:Overall app is nice but here are points to work upon 1. what is the use of option calculator if I have to input everything. what is needed instead is do something like what capitalmind is doing with their strataoption where you choose strategy vertical or horizontal spreads with different timeframes and prices and it shows u profit and loss graph. 2. why you have not enabled fingerprint login as I need to login each time 3. option prices are taking lots of space. check thinkorswim app
Nuvama:Such a wonderful app. Beauty of interface, practicality of features are up to the mark. color scheme used is so relaxing to eyes I can see it whole day without any issue. I almost quit trading view. Just little tweaking with indiactors available is needed to get the most out of it. Overall it is the best. I used moneycontrol, trading view, stockedge, upstox, kite, kotak sec but out of all these Edelweiss and kotak securities are the best.
Nuvama:After the few recent updates, app became complex and not a user friendly app. Getting worst experience. An example, if I try to scroll up on holding, it goes to position tab. Thinking to close my account if app behavior is not changed.
Nuvama:This app is the worst trading app available. It has login problems.. The app doesn't recognize the user id. Further, after doing any kind of transaction, the amount is gone from the dashboard, it shows zero money, even after the transaction is complete. I have complained it to the heldesk of this app. Never resolves..
Nuvama:I have recently opened an ac here but I found adding any script , specially option is very time taking, so many times we need to click to add. Very annoying ! Every Time , we need to across from top to see Index Value. Why not show it permanently on the Top. ???
Nuvama:Most hopeless trading application. Very inconvenient to trade. Cross hair in chart is cumbersome to activate. Important technical indicators missing. Prices do not get updated. One has to refresh every time. Price shown in positions do not get updated except rarely. Even their TX3 is not convenient to trade. Hopeless. Arrogant Management of Nuvama is indifferent. Features of Dhan are far superior (no comparison) and better than ZERODHA.
Nuvama:This app is hanging a lot from the past few days. The watchlist takes a lot of time to get loaded and refreshed. Until the screen is refreshed we cannot go to se other tab. Please fix
Nuvama:There is no ichimoku clouds under technical studies. Edit 1: Press back from charts and app force closes. Edit 2 : Latest version crashes on clicking option chain. 3 : Nuvama now; great. Has anything else changed; no. Added quantsapp. Does is work; no. Cant login. I wonder what for beta versions would be like. Edit: 5th Oct 2023 Option chain Nifty OI change for 3 strikes shows -214.75L. Its just misleading.
Nuvama:Edelweiss developement team, in net position when i used to push scrip i used to get all details its not happening amd exchange not set error coming ..also in order book if keep pressing the scrip ..the popup having details disappear in milliseconda. The same pop only works in watchlist properly. make it uniform across please.
Nuvama:I liked the app very much except below 2 observations. 1. App is hanging and crashing some times due to invalid session i guess. After reopening app from crash it is asking for relogin, please fix this issue. 2. Charts are not user friendly, please bring tradingview charts as other option like other broker apps.
Nuvama:Facing lot of loading issue in the app. Most of the the time holding statement and portfolio reports just keep on loading and never open. Also, MF interface could be improved. Currently I can view details of MF which I know my name, however, if I want to explore the market there is not much available that facilitates it.
Nuvama:Why the hell is the portfolio page changed? The profile and loss page never stablizes. This app has dropped from 4+ to just 1+. How can they push big changes without even testing? Such a bad user experience. Time to move to other providers.
Nuvama:Your app is excellent but chart portion an option chain analysis needs to be work out. Angel spark has provided very good chart pattern and option chain analysis. You have provided candle pattern but not provided any option to choose it permanently. Secondly, charts are not attractive whereas chart of angel one/angel spark are very attractive.
Nuvama:One of the best broker apps I have seen. It has everything, from news to option chain to all the technical data. It has the best market watch page. It just lacks few of the order types for FNO, other than that it's brilliant!
Nuvama:I am using edelweiss mobile trading app. I usually check the graphs of nifty on it. The numbers are so small that I can not understand it properly. To mention here I have fit eyesight and don't use spces.  I suggest you to provide magnifier in the app which we can drag on to the figures to magnify and see figures properly.
Nuvama:If you enter a position you need to frequently refresh the positions page manually to see LTP .In app Chart is almost useless , And accessing the positions tab is difficult . Developer needs to make the app easy to navigate through various sections of the app.
Nuvama:Because of the worst response, I have uninstalled Edelweiss app, and also hv made up my mind to not to trade with Edelweiss. Mostt Incompetent Backend team. No proper response, 15 days to address one query, and not yet resolved the issue. Pathetic and Frustrating support by backend team. To modify the bank acc details, they are taking 15 days. Brilliant. Wonderful Backend Team Support. App is very user-friendly. But the support team is pathetic.
Nuvama:it's a app which keep on crashing every now and then... earlier was working fine... I'm not able to save any Trend line or support and resistance line... everytime i try to draw any trend line the app crashes.... even though i keep on updating these app everytime when there is a update... kindly look into these...
Nuvama:What a rubbish platform, they do not value anyone's time at all. No professionalism at all ! Agent have limited knowledge and are confused themselves. They hardly bother replying through mails also. Its been almost a month they are wasting my time for account opening process by asking new things every 2 days. Beware ! Total waste of time ! No help or Customer service available even while operating their system.
Nuvama:Edelweiss was recommended to me by my teacher to learn investing and trading. I was keen to do the same but their services are seriously very poor. They charge minimal brokerage at inception of account but soon after 3-4 months the charges are doubled or tripled. Whenever I get sign of investing and I place order, the same are not placed and useless reasons are popped up. The customer care services are far worse than it could ever be anywhere. The people sitting there to help us are just feed with 1-2 lines that they keep on repeating without applying their mind what query is raised by customers. Was very excited to trade here but this platform sucks. Seriously Very very disappointed by the services.
Nuvama:I am not giving it a five star because there's always some issue while refreshing positions. Please make the application more light by removing things that are not required. Provide external links for the things that are unnecessary. I don't want to compare with other trading application but I would urge you guys to make it purely a trading app rather than an application loaded with information that can also be found on the website of Edelweiss.
Nuvama:App is decent but the last update removed dividend reports, with no warning or explanation. New reports are also in light mode, looking completely different and disconnected from the rest of the App, harder to use and understand. Update - the above issue was rolled back, and then a few months later put back again with the dark mode added but still no dividend reports. Now you have to download the entire year's tax report as an excel, open it separately, then search for the month's dividends.
Nuvama:Missing in this application i.e. 1)how to sort alphabetically different watchlists made, not different companies name under one watchlists2) I want to make my order alive for atleast a week. This feature is available in ICICI Direct for 15 days 3) Many times it is observed sms alerts are not getting stored and executed properly after one year wishlist is still incomplete.
Nuvama:Old Version Was best for Report, I would have not given 1 start also. Such a pathetic app. The new version is very bad and also it doesn't give detail view of portfolio like before. The old version was very easy to understand and navigate. Please close the account of bring back old Version
Nuvama:Lots of bugs that needs to be fixed. One of the annoying one is asking for password reset everytime when you open the app and the slow scrip refresh. This can be a great competitor to other broking companies if the app and web platform is improved on these feedbacks else there will be a day that Edelweiss would not be able to hold onto market against Zerodha, Upstox and Grow.
Nuvama:This application is notworking propely, Everytime it works on wifi, but doesn't run in mobile data.
Nuvama:Top class app, competitors are put to shame with this. Flawless execution. Would love more research coverage and please improve drawing tools (Fibonacci retracement) etc it's very clumsy now and add more retracement levels. Just 3 Moving average is also restricting my study please update.
Nuvama:Very Beautiful App perfect and easily for ever one
Nuvama:It was a great app before the changes, now it is one of the worsts app. It always says feedback is noted n will soon implement giftynifty index. It's been more than an year still they are noting the feedback only, kindly fix gift nifty then you can contact me
Nuvama:App is disgusting sign up failed 7 times, if initially it is such bad then how can anyone trust it.. Paid reviews never works if app is 3rd class then thousands of paid reviews won't work..
Nuvama:App is super duper good, in terms of adding researches of individual stock and all is something which i found great. But, i seriously think you people should go for better UI, i personally think that will help your turn over to grow by around 50%.
Nuvama:One of the best App ever I jave seen till date,it has many functions with easy data analysis .its really good for bigners to understand the market easily with all basic analysis. I really liked their customer care service they were very good ,polite and helpful. Thank for providing us with such a superb detailed app.
Nuvama:You can see the chart in mobile it's very convenient and useful , it's little delay in live but it's ok . We have to refresh frequently that's only the concern. Other than that it's very good App for trade
Nuvama:The UI is very bad. Navigation is very complicated.... definitely the worst app. Kite,grow, up stocks have come so far and simplified the whole process.... But compared to them looks like it is still 10yrs behind.
Nuvama:Script search and margin availablity is two major issue with the app as we cant search any stock or fno universly we need to go by a long route of selecting so many option and while placing order there is no option to see the available margin and required margin in trading window so it is realy hard to work without these two major issues
Nuvama:Useless app. Every week there is an update and very annoying that it keeps on popping up unless update is done. It is high time , some quality technical people are appointed to make sturdy app, which dont need bug fix every other day. Very much Irritating and hence dropped the idea of even opening a demat with them
Nuvama:New version of App does not have features like Portfolio and its options like old option, old App version of Edelweiss was very good and user friendly, nuvama is updating app frequently but no use, lot of filter options are missing hence no visibility of stocks, they need to bring back old app features or slowly need to shift to other broking agency.
Nuvama:Users friendly and getting assistance from staff in time, you can suggest short term and long term investment shares.
Nuvama:Unnecessary experiments with the app time and again. They have stopped showing real time gain loss of the day on your portfolio. Totally messed up. And then chat support agents are good for nothing. They simply close the chat. Nuvama has turned into a no service company. Had there been an option of zero stars, I would have loved to award it to nuvama
Nuvama:Sir kindly add basket order in it and kindly improve it. Running m2m lags it creates problems.
Nuvama:Smooth quick effortless as per requirment
Nuvama:When we click the notification, it's not going to the related page.. for example the notification message is about the ITC results. , But when I click the notification it is taking me to common page instead of ITC results. Getting disappointed everytime. Definitely need to improve this.
Nuvama:It's very tough to update password in this app. It forcefully tells to update password but never gets updated. I am not able to open my account for couple of days due to this problem. It's very irritating. Only 20 stars from my side.
Nuvama:Please try to improve further, and let me observe whether you are fully aware and improved your system in the interest of your customers satisfaction.
Nuvama:User friendly and easy to use.
Nuvama:The user experience is amazing. Would like to give credit to the software developers and also the management which doesn't hesitates in spending the amount of money required to keep the latest technology in loop.
Nuvama:It's good app, but most of the time during market opening time it doesn't open at all. I have closed the app and launched many times, it will just show loading. No use of this app if it's not opening during market time. Improve and fix it.
Nuvama:Worst app available in India..use it and experience it..I can cite a few instances which I have experienced that give me a feeling that the company is fraud.. am sure you will feel better breaking your head on the wall.. better take any other app just by closing your eyes and putting finger on any other name..My challenge, other one would be far better.. one more thing to mention that they have pathetic relationship managers. they are never available and don't pick up calls.
Nuvama:Account opening process hard and very very slow like other brokers.chart only see in landscape in mobile app.app open only dark mode available..?every time save all settings because auto change all settings.back button not available on every page.BUY &SELL button not available like other brokers app.take many step than place buy order..??? Chart button not available on option chain page.not available separately option chain..???home page worst...???
Nuvama:Very User Friendly App and In Depth Data Available in app.!!
Nuvama:Worst Customer service, I am trying to connect with Client Executive Officer but they didn't available from last 4 hrs., on each call they will told you that assistant will wall you within 2hrs. And at live chat assistant will available at 2 min, but also from last 2 hrs. No one is replying
Nuvama:Clear, quick and prompt updates with many more
Nuvama:Does not work properly multiple times and the team does not improve it as well. Too much inconvenient to operate when it asks password every week despite finger print registration. It should be hassle free and customer friendly like other apps like indirect.
Nuvama:First In holdings section it show only LTP not average price and second It should have show profile and loss above but it show the price value how we can calculate the profit and loss if we have multiple share in holding it goes beyond the dumbest mistake in stock market apps. And third when I try to buy something I'm not seeing required and available margin . Other thing I must mention that app feels like ( UI ) way older . Customer support is worst I emailed many times now no reply
Nuvama:Every time it asks to change password or biometrics...which does not work and programme is restarted...this happens three or four times and only then u can log in. Need ur support to easily access the program. I had to withdraw deposit as I could not invest due to this. Thanks
Nuvama:There is need some updates .......bcuz some time app is getting slow. for example When I placed an order, if I want to go quickly to look order status or want to modify the order, it doesnot happens as just bcus the slowness odf the app. It causes finacial loss
Nuvama:Good performance by app
Nuvama:Worst experience found ever with any broker !!! Intraday buying is blocked for far OTM strike prices in options... So you can't go for option selling or spread trade. second thing is you can't convert Your positions from intraday to delivery and vice versa. Also intraday square off timing is also 3 PM.. Which is earliest in all brokers. Pathetic service...irritated a lot and faced a heavy loss...and customer care services doesn't understand much technical things so no help.. It really Sucks!!
Nuvama:Today while I was trying to open PNL & REPORTS app is crashing abnormally..and I have to restart my application every moment.
Nuvama:Good experience and navigation
Nuvama:I have been trading for the past six months with other brokers and I have been struggling and I lost money. I was just about to quit trading until I joined this broker. I can confirm that the charts are real and reliable. They are smoother and easy to use compared to other binary options apps. With this app, I'm winning all the way and now I'm very excited about trading. Thank you, guys.
Nuvama:Very dull experience can't able to open account on this app
Nuvama:Add an option to re-watch the live news you give and free to watch charts
Nuvama:Excellent app with pleasing and cool background colour and bigger letters making it very easily readable in a cell phone.The search page itself gives details such as company name and code,latest traded price,average traded price , day's price range,high/low,volume , yearly high/low etc. These are vital details required for trading. It would be even better if buyer/seller quantities are also given in search page itself .
Nuvama:I am Edelweiss customer for more than a year now. Though they are working to improve on app gui and features, they are bad at customer service. No reply for them on my complaints since 1 month . I have emailed them more than 3 times but no reply. They deducted charges without intimation. Thry dont have all datapoints also for company financial data. So shifted to ICICI
Nuvama:Worst experience to deal with them They suspended our account for purchase and sale and fund transfer, very next month and there were no intimation from their side, however we made communication many times but they didn't responded.
Nuvama:Great alerts app of war news updates
Nuvama:In Debt market no current price is displayed. As well as reports are not accurate. App is not giving accurate data and information. It is working on it's own mood. It is not up to the Mark as you showing in the add.
Nuvama:Nice feature and easy to operate
Nuvama:Mostly the app didn't open. Let's say an interesting notification came, I click on that and didn't get open. It's irritates a lot. And it happens mostly even if opening app normally. For you information, I use this in 40mb/s internet speed so no chance of internet issues. Please fix it...
Nuvama:The app is way too good than others, but It has stopped one thing- Earlier as soon as trade got complete, I used to get a text message, Also the price alert in form of again Text message is not working. Please reply as I highly rely on this app and usage. Have you stopped this service of forwarding text message. Will be adding more funds soon for traditing.
Nuvama:Pathetic apps. Mostly nowadays whenever I open any charts it keeps loading and I always have to open it again and again. Very bad experience. And it has been happening since I updated this app.
Nuvama:Best app in terms of features and data being provided which helps in making investing decisions. Will take some time to get used to the app given the data that is provided but once you get a hang of it, the app is very good Kudos to the team >> keep up the good work. Best in the industry
Nuvama:The app does not load and gets stuck at opening screen itself. You exit the app and try to switch off and on mobile data but still doesn't work. Very frustrating when you want to trade..
Nuvama:Smooth Experience... Easy to use app with a userfriendly interface.-... charts are highy informative with a very clean & smooth display.... only request is to add average line on volumes & feature to hide-unhide the drawings/technical indicators ...otherwise hughly recommended
Nuvama:Great app for the updated market news.
Nuvama:Good App.Easy& gives everything perfect
Nuvama:Unable place order from morning also live chat option not answers properly
Nuvama:Holding column is not showing my my IPO allotment.. unable sale on time..
Nuvama:All time session logout issue..
Nuvama:Referral vouchers come very late and the ledger balance also shows negative.
Nuvama:nice app very systematic and easy
Nuvama:Nice application with great features
Nuvama:Best application for trading however brokerage charges are more than other applications. All of should use it.
Nuvama:Nice app but having bugs many time
Nuvama:Chart is really useful
Nuvama:Very good app and user friendly
Nuvama:Easy to see everything
Nuvama:need some upgrade and option trading videos to show client
Nuvama:Very irritating experience, why can't you just have option chain for main indices?
Nuvama:Even After Multiple Failed promises, Nuvama has Failed to provide MCX API. Worse experience then any broker.
Nuvama:Very bad service. Moving to Zerodha
Nuvama:When I see my stocks why login details ask..previous time not find this type error
Nuvama:App is very slow update..pls work In app development
Nuvama:Nice brocker but some mistake javalost host listing internet bug
Nuvama:Should display all stocks instead of missing the ones from bse
Nuvama:Great App. After using the Nuvama never settle with any other.
Nuvama:I am not happy with the app.worst I would say. Its showing wrong fund amount in the app, because of which I am not able to withdraw full amount.The amount shown in the fund transfer section 300/- less. Due to this new people like me are losing faith in edelweiss.I am thinking of closing my account. And your Customer care number never pics any call, it is of no use!
Nuvama:While using app, sometime I automatically log out.
Nuvama:Pressurizing to give feedback is not right.
Nuvama:When we add new share for watchlist it's set at bottom and every time drag to up , so set as by default first position is good for me, and every monthly expiry all share are need to change one by one it's too much time taking, I think there were need to give option for automatic change new month expiry like March to April.
Nuvama:Design is good but Useless works so slow...keep on rounding circle ...in good network ! So slow . Need to update ! Pls check and can reach me anytime . I wish i could share the screen shot ! horrrible......experience !! ned improvemnet
Nuvama:Very bad service I'm using more than 2year but But all this is not able to solve my problem at this time!
Nuvama:it's easy to make investment, and check markets. provides lots of details.
Nuvama:Unable to put a stop speed is very poor after selling order book cannot show the complete showing open
Nuvama:Please reduce font size of market depth or give option to change font size don't show ... even for 2k display resolution
Nuvama:Every time it loaded, the app wouldn't open on my Poco M3 smart phone.
Nuvama:Very fast as compared to other brockers. Love it.
Nuvama:Please make it easy to trade. Somewhere it is difficult to understand how to take trade and let make option show in index section.
Nuvama:Good app but one work is needed. Market depth should be open for all
Nuvama:Sometimes there are some technical issues otherwise its good
Nuvama:When you send notification, on clicking, let the app open only that particular notification. We have better thing to do than sit down and search for the relevant notification in the midst of all unwanted news items. Please correct it ASAP.
Nuvama:Instable app! Keeps showing different numbers in portfolio. On top of that, Edelweiss customer support is worst. There is zero coordination in teams. Edelweiss warns against revealing account number to anyone including its own executives, but the app development team is asking for account details (see the teams response below). No non-toll-free number is there, investors traveling abroad can't reach to Edelweiss.
Nuvama:Whis software amazing... Very helpful
Nuvama:New update is very useless. Please bring facility of detail breakdown of all purchases and transactions in portfolio tab. Bonus credited to account before two days but still not visible in holdings. Please bring back old interface.
Nuvama:I hope this message finds you well. I have been using your share market app and would like to provide some feedback. I have noticed that the app is not displaying the chart data for the past two days. This issue has impacted my ability to analyze recent market trends. I would appreciate it if your team could address and resolve this matter promptly. Overall, I find the app user-friendly and valuable for tracking market activities.
Nuvama:Awfull. Ugliest interface ever seen. Very user unfriendly.
Nuvama:Needs lot of improvement. Crashes a lot during opening hours. Edit: It's getting worse. Every now an then this app crash and we are losing money. It's unacceptable. Time to look for another broker
Nuvama:Decreased my rating from 3 star to one star. App is having bugs as you buy stocks, these don't reflect in your account view/summary even after 48 hours. It's a big question mark on credibility of Edelweiss. Had many other concerns also in past. Latest one is:- whenever you go to My News sub section under News, it doesn't show any news. User get message "Please try later. it is taking too long!" This application is a joke.
Nuvama:Today while I am trying to add funds when I am trying to type transaction password suddenly came back to this site before completing transfer of funds. Some times app suddenly comes back to home page. This is irritating. Same problem on today 10th April also before completing tha transfer of funds suddenly from bank page to it came back to home page
Nuvama:Previous version was far far better and user friendly as well. This version is not easy to understand and show faulty figures. Kindly restore previous version.
Nuvama:App home page is useless. copy reliance money trading app or kotak securities, in single click you can search any stock index future option of any expiry, equity. that to not entire name has to type, is you type reli 2400 call put option will come for all expiries. with single click on stock option to buy sell should come, by swiping left right buy sell should happen, on full chart buy sell option should be there, full chart should not always be full screen, there should be choice to rotate
Nuvama:Current holding report screen is not detailed as previous one which shown all the transaction of particular equity.  It had more sorting options than current options. Please bring the old holding report or implement all the old features in current UI.
Nuvama:Basket orders are not yet available. However, almost all other platforms has this facility. Kindly make it available as soon as possible. Moreover, the orders and positions tab should be in the very front of the home screen. Please make it correct.
Nuvama:The app keeps crashing when I'm inside small case. And it logs me out as well. My biggest turn down is "where did the research call section go now.!?" Research call section was very useful for small Investors like me.
Nuvama:Worst expierince, no body to responsible to reply We opened account 2 YEARS BACK But they blocked my account for payment transfer , without informing me And keeps on charging AMC with interest Now I opened my account with 5 paisa, then I am following them last 30 just to transfer my portfolio to 5 paisa But r not doing anything Totally unprofessional attitude
Nuvama:While App is getting improved, certain features and enhancements are not good A) Gift Nifty is not part of the BULL pull down. Should have been added long back B) earlier, we used to have research stock option details or recommendations to see . Now I don't even see the same in app. Don't know why it was stopped ? C) loss and profits section needs to be more detailed and user friendly. Currently very confusing
Nuvama:Overall experience is very basic. Most important company's news is not updated. Old data is also not available. Can't place order before market opening. Only Single order place at one time. Also use kotak app. Is very good.
Nuvama:A big failure! This app stopped working all of a sudden on a trading day and as soon as I revisit it throws error - Error in loading scrip expiry details data 403 and none of the tech team or even customer care is able to provide solution for 24 hours. It's still unresolved. Not sure if Edelweiss is a trusted broker!
Nuvama:Worst company ever. Wouldn't let me add other payment mode myself for my own account. Too complicated. RM says company policy. What the heck is the problem if i want to add another account of my own to add funds for stock purchase? Why I am required to courier a cancelled cheque? Why cant you accept that over the email? I wouldn't recommend this company to anyone and post this review whereever possible.
Nuvama:The update of this app is not being done due to less space.There are few apps activated in my phone which I am using in my daily needs.While updating this app the system ask me deleat the seven to eight important apps which is impossible.Now the app is not being opened without openings.Pl exempt me to uptodate the app till some alternative arrangements I incciated.I have carried out the potision inoption.Thans. An early action iwill be appreciated.
Nuvama:Wow, Wow, Wow. This is what it looks like if GOD had designed a trading platform. It is so good and well designed. The data is super smooth. This is really fantastic if you are an options trader or a scalper. This is it. Improve your P&L section with better design, add some more features so we traders can benefit. I am sure this is possible to update. Heaven sake, remove the T simply put Buy-Sell in Green/Red box. email of the developer pls, so I can share the inputs needed for changes.
Nuvama:Lack of app for my iPad, makes me give 4 star if not I would have given 5 Star.., One of the best trading app! Great UI And Mini window support. PLEASE ADD SOME CUSTOM DESIGN WIDGETS FOR RESEARCH CALLS, WATCH LIST AND MARKET OVERVIEW. SO THAT WE CAN ADD IT TO OUR HOME SCREEN TO MAKE THE MOST OUT OF IT.
Nuvama:The app is non-intutive with no proper dashboard, content and very difficult to navigate to find relevant opinions in the menu. This is no way comparable with other top trading platforms.
Nuvama:Thanks to PickRight offering on this Nuvama app . It's very easy to use & for a beginner like me it's like a gem . Now i can easily invest without researching myself much .
Nuvama:Not good for option trading. No real-time data. And every time you need to change and go to same page again and again. Interface must be easy for option trading.
Nuvama:Please give us the option to increase the font size in the App settings earlier it was showing in a decent big size font. After the update, the fonts are small it's difficult for big age people to read in small font. Hope you will do the fix or provide us the option to increase or decrease the font size. Thanks
Nuvama:I would have given 5 stars but a basic feature is missing. On the settings I have disabled all notifications except the trade notification. Still I am getting all sorts of notifications. Please fix this.
Nuvama:Edelweiss mobile app is vry good but 1) Please provide date divider options on charts so date distinction would be easier for intraday analysis 2) As i am intraday trader my most important concerns are charts and ease of accessibility. As everyone holds phone vertical in hand hence whenever i search charts of any scrip there always i had to rotate my mobile phone horizontal which is very pathetic user experience request you to provide easy and vertical charts like zerodha kite platform.
Nuvama:App is working very well
Nuvama:Very bad application. Daily morning issue with login. Not able to login with fingerprint. Ask for password, but always wrong password. When we change password after that issue remains same. I have never seen this type of servise.
Nuvama:I wouldn't give a single star also, very hactic process of verification I need to verify each and every document 3 times, only for account opening it takes 10 days. till date 20 times verification has been done, it says process complete and then again after an hour massage comes with some of the documentation problem. in straight way I woul recommend not to apply for it
Nuvama:I really like this app, have been using since long and love this. I have a feedback for adding more sorting options like Gain %, Day Gain/Gain% under each section such as watchlist/my portfolio and holdings. That would really give a very good decision making views.
Nuvama:The interface of app is very useful n effective. Statistical representation of segments are too good. That new pop up features of market watch is so useful so u can have eagle view while using any other application.
Nuvama:One of the worst trading experience one could ever face. They said POA is mandatory, they scheduled a pickup but no one came to pick it up. I invested 1lakh lost most of the money. It's been more than a month and never was my query addressed. ABSOLUTELY IRRESPONSIBLE PEOPLE. WORST PLATFORM FOR TRADING.
Nuvama:There should be some improvement , I feel below improvement can make it best app. 1. There should be GTT for future which is not available. 2. Live share value is not showing in for when we are opening our portfolio trade . 3 some times I feel App is very Slow. 4. When we see our portfolio there should be square off option for each one.
Nuvama:If you are thinking of starting your journey in the stock markets I suggest you to run far away. This is the worst app there is for trading! There are technical issues almost everyday. More importantly, this app will let you down when you need it the most i.e. when there is a crash and everyone is trying to sell. They can't handle even normal day today loads! The Relationship Managers they assign are so dumb and useless, they become a liability to you. There are much better options than this!!!!
Nuvama:Application is very good and easy to use but in last update list screen digits are truncated with Price and Lot Size. For the Grid view it is working fine. Please try to fix out this issue. Thanks.
Nuvama:The app is great. Good speed, good approach & good execution. But if the app shows financial reports of the companies for each quarter and upcoming news related to its financial matters, then that would be great. Upcoming news would help to ascertain future road of activities. Thankyou.
HDFC Securities:My worst experience with the HDFC InvestRight app was frustrating and time-consuming. From the moment I tried to log in, the app was riddled with technical glitches. It often froze or crashed, making it nearly impossible to complete any transactions smoothly. The user interface was unintuitive, making navigation a cumbersome task. Additionally, Unable to do cancel any order once it's places. I experienced significant delays in updates and notifications which affected my investment decisions.
HDFC Securities:I was using hdfc securities app(old version) which was having excellent ui and user friendly. Showing accurate and same details every place. Now it force user to use invest right app which has not a good UI, Tons of unrequired information which confused the user. If you go to research and open derivatives it is showing you old rate for trade compare to when you click on buy, that mean if you want know current rate then you have to click on buy. On home page you can set only 2 index.
HDFC Securities:It was nice to see a snapshot of the indices and select scrips in the opening screen without logging in. Now that useful feature is missing and the snapshot of the indices has been reduced to a tiny line. Why mess with a good thing and make it worse? This useless app isn't even letting me login and they are forcing users to migrate to this hell.
HDFC Securities:This new version is terrible compared to the existing one. It is over engineered, not very user friendly and does not have the simple, easy to read and navigate interface that the current app has. I have no idea why HDFC is forcing this on users and sincerely hope they do not do away with the current version.
HDFC Securities:In the Portfolio page , can you please make the app remember the "Sort" option selected , so that for every return to the portfolio page or for every login we don't have to go select the sort option. It's quite annoying to set the sort everytime. Other than that , this app is far more slick than the old securities app. Good job there.
HDFC Securities:Watchlist should ke kept simple, so much space has been eaten up, on screen more and more script can be seen.. Scrolling up and down is a time wasting for the traders / investors. Split seconds are more important for executing orders. In the app the time is lost due to scrolling up and down.
HDFC Securities:Funds payout option not there. No ledger statement can be viewed. This app is way too slow for doing transactions. The old one was much better and you are phasing it out. In financial markets time is everything and if so much time is taken for loading various data then it's no use.
HDFC Securities:There is an issue with the app. I see many users have reported this and I am observing the same issue. When I go to portfolio tab the stock prices reflected are incorrect and it auto corrects after 5-7 seconds. This creates a sudden panic. Dealing in financial data during the market hours, there should not be any latency. Also, on dashboard I can't find option to see the Sensex price. It's only shows Nifty and Bank nifty.
HDFC Securities:Hello, I have installed the new app, but I am not receiving the OTP when I try to log in. I have attempted multiple times without success. However, when I log in to the old app, I do receive the OTP. Please suggest a solution. Regards, Update: sent the email to the given mail address 3 days back but no feedback so far. Please help
HDFC Securities:I am using it since 6 months, found some bugs in it, still HDFC is trying to move all customers to this. Although it updates to show the CMP, but still it shows multiple entries for the same investment.
HDFC Securities:P&L statement is not available easily No report section seems there. The font letters are also bleak and fine vis a vis previous app viz. HDFC security app. Incorporate those changes. Also in report section How many of each scrip ,bought and sold at what time should be clearly brought up in a spreadsheet. If we have to record all these elsewhere then there's no use of these kind of app.
HDFC Securities:Several issues that I have found in this App compared to the old hdfc securities.. Most imp there is no dynamic time/day ticker only which used to be there in the old app.. There is no BSE Sensex ticker in the main interface and is nowhere to be found, instead there is only nifty & bank nifty which is super disappointing... I'll be posting issues every now and then so this will be updated..... PLX FIX ALL ASAP !!!!
HDFC Securities:Very bad experience : I generally don't write issues but this application is financial application which should be correct. 1-Night mode is blue mode 2-Table in portfolio is not at all static for 2 seconds and for human eyes it's impossible to read it. So what's the use of this application 3- user comfort is very bad.. all data at same place is very bad idea.. hadfc sec was better than this.
HDFC Securities:The app does not work in South Korea. I always have to connect to VPN to access it. With the old app being stopped it is a major inconvenience for the NRI customers. It works in some countries (for example UK) without Indian VPN but does not work in some.
HDFC Securities:Your Investright app does NOT work. Today I have logged in multiple times and it's showing closed market, no movement, out of sync with the old HDFCSec app where it is showing correct portfolio and market movement....have even called relationship manager. Please remove it from here till u fix it. Have screenshot to prove.
HDFC Securities:The download capital gain statment icon seems just for show, you click on it a thousand times it doesnt work. Only the download icon of profit and loss statment works. And why the reports only in excel format by default, i feel an option should be given for customers to choose between pdf or excel.
HDFC Securities:Although UX has improved , I am not able to login into the app most of the times. It's very bad experience, it asks me to put the pin and then give something went wrong error. Such an important app , such basic errors in app experience. I don't know when I would be able to login again
HDFC Securities:"This trading app is confusing and unreliable. The outdated interface often fails during trades. Customer support is unresponsive, hidden fees are excessive, and security is a concern. Overall, it's a disappointing experience."
HDFC Securities:The layout is good but here too the price charts load too slowly and some times never load. I cleared cache memory and even reinstalled app to check it it helps, but unfortunately it didn't.. Can you possibly have an option of choosing trading view chart.
HDFC Securities:I had a very bad experience with this app. Initially, it didn't allow me to do F&O trading. Later, the app never displayed accurate data and information about my live trades. Despite squaring off all my orders, the app still showed them as open. When I tried to sell the remaining order, it asked me to buy the sell option. Please improve the app's accuracy and functionality.
HDFC Securities:26-7-2024 Dear Managing Director of HDFC securities. Sub: Withdrawal of old app of " HDFC Securities". 1) This New " Invest Right App is super slow". 2) Not user friendly. 3) "HDFC Securities " old App was very good and fantastic. Using old app for almost more than 10 years. 4) No need to withdraw the old app. 5) Person who has created this new App, may kindly inform/ Explain here Advantages of New Invest Right App. 6) Till that time, Please do not remove old app.
HDFC Securities:I have already updated the application but still receiving unskippable prompts to update. These are called bugs. There are no features like fundamental or technical data which apps like zerodha provide for free. You are taking top dollar, not allowing existing users to switch to HDFC Sky. I see limited reason to continue with your app. Research doesn't mean suggestions. There should be data for fundamental and technical research on a stock to stock basis which can facilitate personal decision.
HDFC Securities:Please work on better UI, consolidation and simple presentation which gives easy understanding for the customer. The 'Invest right' is definitely better than the old one. However this Invest right app should upgrade it's features to the existing competitive market apps like Paytm money ,Groww etc . Please try to bring in the latest features with Speedier and better UI.
HDFC Securities:Wrost trading app I have ever seen. The data does not reflect into your portfolio when you login properly. This will be like stucking frequently. If you try trade then real value is not reflecting oftenly. Also they are charging more. Please never try this app. I am sticker many times. I have complained many times. But most frequently data is sticking.
HDFC Securities:Whats the point of having multiple notification toggle buttons if it's not saving at all. It's just getting reset once going away from the page. And I'm also receiving notifications. Though I would say the new app is really much much better than the old one, but still more improvements needed.
HDFC Securities:everything is nice but giving 2 star only because this app has a significant problem. this app has feature of multiple profiles/users. but a) there is no easy way to switch between users (with/out logging out). b) Also,no way of logging out, so requires force closing app from recents screen. ie... if I've to switch between users, then I've to go to recents screen. then force close. then start app again . login to different user. every single time. all unnecessary. my phone is OnePlus 7t Pro.
HDFC Securities:Really worst app.. MF not shown perfect NAV .. 2 days before NAV shown in app also STOCK value not b perfect if we see in any other app of market it's indicate plus but in this app it's showing minus. This type of error not be accepted by any client. So correct it and make app perfectly.. Also 1* not be given by me but I do cz no str I can't given to you..
HDFC Securities:great app. all problems solved as if now. very much informative. only thing remaining is it logs out once you switch to different app which is very inconvenient sometimes. lastly once you sort in your portfolio that sort filter should remain unlike it is going away once you switch between different tabs in your app. besides make a habit of taking frequent feedback from customers like axis securities instead of hiding like a guilty person all times and never asking any feedback.
HDFC Securities:Comment 1: One of the worst apps for trading, not quick at all. Even with a 125 MBPS connectivity this sucks. Comment 2: As per the suggestion , I have uninstalled and reinstalled the App, it is the first time I am reinstalling after the rollout. looks a bit quicker, need to review after another few days of usage.
HDFC Securities:The app does not allow disabling notifications despite an explicit setting (that refuses to accept user choice). And the notifications continue day and night. It might be a bug remaining untested but is quite annoying.
HDFC Securities:Simple to use but still update required as this app doesn't show live sensex, it should be always there on top in every screen also in reports if actual transaction date could show for buy & sell it will be better, currently we can see only financial statements without date.
HDFC Securities:Poor Readability. This feedback is being given since more than one year but it was not said yet when it will mprove. This is a very simple requirement and simple implementation but I don't know why developer team is so reluctant on this matter which is going to add the value in the application. Font size should be customisable. 52 weeks high and low should be supported at glance. Audio alert should be there when price of a particular script crosses a value.
HDFC Securities:Looks like the App was designed & developed by a person who never done any online trading. Not at all user friendly. To go for more detail about any stock, need to open other App to check. Did not expect such App from HDFC. Old App is much better than this. Request HDFC to engage some expertises for improvement. Thanks.
HDFC Securities:The app refused to open after login for approximately 60 minutes after trying multiple times on 16th May 2024 evening from 23.00 hours to 00.10 hours despite proper password as OTP could not be generated due to "Internal Server Error" and message sent on Mobile via SMS mode. One can loose wealth during the trading hours if the app refuses to open due to above reason and e-mail is not accessible. Further, the app is not a user friendly interface.
HDFC Securities:I have been trying to modify/ cancel my F&O orders since the last 10 mins but am co tinuously facing the error 600014 no data found. This is so frustrating. This kind of an issue is terrible for traders and can result in huge losses. Please fix this asap!
HDFC Securities:The app hangs while completing kyc. If we change screen to check the OTP sent on email and return to the app it becomes unresponsive. The login is a pain it says everytime to set the mpin even if the pin is correct. Also after completing KYC it still says to complete KYC. WHATS WRONG WITH THIS APP? SO MUCH OF TECHNICAL ISSUES
HDFC Securities:After update the portfolio heat map has disappeared. This was one of the best features of the app. Please reinstate. Even after 2 updates , the heat map is not available.
HDFC Securities:Much more complicated than the older app. Not easy to navigate. Font style and layout is very confusing. I'll continue to use the old app as long as it's available.
HDFC Securities:This is the worst application i ever used. I really don't want to continue using this app anymore. I just did my first trade today and unlike zero commission brokers, hdfc charges higher than them and is a way more hassle to use. The frustration is very high when you are not able to execute trade at the right time. No wonder why people are not using this application.
HDFC Securities:Unable to login half the time- Sorry we are unable to service your request. Please try again later. Once in a blue moon, if I get in, app is good. Edit: Appears that the app doesn't like VPN. Edited rating to 4 star from 2.
HDFC Securities:An Intelligent app with worst face. As this updated app is offering much features relating research & data of stocks but it doesn't provide Market snapshot at a glance. that's a big lacuna on its part Beside it, it's not is showing recent watchlist
HDFC Securities:Positions should also show no. of entries that are closed and open just like orders. F&O search is very very very bad. Index charts are not available.
HDFC Securities:Your HDFC sec is more useful than INVEST right app. Many of the options available in HDFC sec app are not available in new app . It is also observed that many times holding details are not displayed.
HDFC Securities:The biggest Indian bank has set applications like this. I can't even imagine how they can do that. Even buying or selling shares is free on many platforms, but they charge on the higher side. Still, they can't design a good UI like others. They should learn from Groww/Zerodha. Your mobile application is also not good. There is a small bank (when compared to you) called Federal Bank. Go check their app design and learn from them.
HDFC Securities:Hi team, it has come to my attention that app asks for login password everytime I visits the app. Kindly look into it at the earliest possible please. Team have done the all setups and record screen while this happening if you want see for the further analysis??
HDFC Securities:If you don't want to hear me about new application drawbacks then what will be the importance of my feedback. this is one sided decision, not think about customer problem
HDFC Securities:When I sell any script, the proceeds of sale transaction is not immediately shown in available fund. So if U want to buy another script you have to keep whole amt on hold for that. This was the problem with old app & now with new app also. No body bothers to solve this. Hope this time it will be solved.
HDFC Securities:Pls give a proper update. I exit all of equity position 4 days back. But when I open invest right app, it shows invested value of earlier. But I don't have any position.... And the font is very small. FnO traders can't add spot index in watch list. I give 5 star for other features....
HDFC Securities:After introducing this app since more than a year, u have not started "ALERT" facility & sorting option is still to set on every login. Please make these two changes on priority. DONT TAKE JUST NOTES OF SUGGESTION. IMPLEMENT THEM. SET ALERT & FILTER SAVE ARE STILL PENDING AFTER MORE THAN A MONTH. DO IT FAST.
HDFC Securities:Actually your app is very good. Along with these, why not you add market watch in excel fotmat. If you add this we can trade smoothle all in single plate form. For withdrawal you are taking much time.
HDFC Securities:Wow compare to old UI. This one is awesome. If you could keep track the events of the stocks would be great. Like how many times dividend given , major changes like that
HDFC Securities:Shows my equity portfolio in the "dashboard" while doesn't show it under "Portfolio". Not as user friendly as the HDFC Securities earlier app. Too many experts might have spoilt the broth. Out and out full nautanki. Earlier I was more frequent with my HDFC sec app than my ICICI app due to it's simple user friendly nature. Now I think it's time to switch my app and platform.
HDFC Securities:In the latest update , the UI is so buggy that it doesn't even let me buy or sell stocks, even the settings isn't working in the app..pls look into it and remove all the system bugs..
HDFC Securities:After completing kyc 4th time still its showing as account inactive, this is ridiculous, at from past four days same thing is happening, and also trying to login to app every time its shows client disabled, and after its shows your account is blocked due to 3 incorrect password attempts, after resetting the password also its showing client disable.
HDFC Securities:Market berometer Sensex ups and down has not been shown on home page of new app. as well as news related to perticular stock had been seen in earlier app but in this new app it has not been given. if you want to buy any stock then it should be in your watchlist in this new app. where as in earlier app it was facility to write stock name in orderbook. .. many thinks need to be customised.
HDFC Securities:Old version was simple. My ist experience , it is rather tedious. Font also is smaller. However, a lot more information is provided in it. Gradually, I may find it more useful.I am not used to yet.
HDFC Securities:Latest NAV of mutual fund portfolio is always stale. Usually most other apps update latest NAV (T-1) by next day morning, but this app shows T-2 NAV. Ex, today being 8th June, other trading apps show 7th NAV rate and portfolio valuation but this app shows as of 6th. Mail sent with example before 3 days to customer care, no response.
HDFC Securities:Research is good... But as in terms behind big brand, app is not so good, customer support 1* only .. order placing 1* only... Research 5*, customer service team is really pathetic. They even don't help in 7 days ... Some times it takes 30+ days and still you won't recieve reply. I request to hdfc sec work on customer problem solution like other brokers ... Angel one is best in term of customer support.
HDFC Securities:Worst app. Majority times it will be having bug and will give one or the other error. Interface is also very rigid. Not much option to customised as per user requirement. Very poor App
HDFC Securities:The App has improved a lot. The only problem is that it stops working when there is a heavy load. HDFC is really doing nice efforts to improve. Please continue to make it the best App.
HDFC Securities:This new version ( after update received on 06/06/24) is creating lot of issue. No real time prices , it stuck in between and you can't trade when it is needed. Earlier version of app was better, but this new version is worst trading app. Pls resolve this issue ASAP.
HDFC Securities:In your app when we search various stocks it only show 3 stock in search bar you should increase the limit upto 20 stock it help investor to navigate stock very fast. For example I have searched 10 stock but your search bar shows only 3 stock please fix this and show atleast 20 stock in search bar so we don't have to search same stock again again. Your app must show daily weekly and monthly pivot levels that is missing.
HDFC Securities:Everyday morning app works for 10 minutes and then it freezes and cannot be used entire day. You cannot see market movement or even your own portfolio position. Bug need to be fixed
HDFC Securities:Horrible. I have tried 30 times to do a rekyc..and everytime it fails without giving any reason. I believe the developer should be fired to develop such an unusable app. And over and above that hdfc customer.care is worse than most government banks. nobody picks the call even..i plan to close the account with this useless bank
HDFC Securities:The earlier App was better. It looked right with sensex on homepage. This one is like a product app. Not at all user friendly. You go one corner for this, another corner for that. Not happy.
HDFC Securities:If this app is going to replace the old one, please send a mail to the effect with a dateline. Please ensure not to disturb the usage of the existing app with disturbing frequency of reminders informing about the new app. It is simply irritating.
HDFC Securities:1. I have two accounts under this I'd moment you switch ,it flashes a value which is wrong .after about 7-10 sec you get the correct figure. This creates not only confusion and doubt but also panic if the figure is way off the mark . ditto for individual shares. many a times I go to older version to confirm the price. 2. There's no option to sign out
HDFC Securities:WatchList functionality seems to have lot of issues. Can't set/reset Default to my custom watchlist.. Can't add scripts to custom list.. While trying to add script to custom list, msg says script added, but there is no script being added.. Few other problems too.. Seems the app is in its very early stage and has been released without thorough testing :(
HDFC Securities:the name is atrocious. when i search for the app on my app drawer i search for hdfc or securities. invest right is not something that comes naturally as a search term. the old app has the correct name.
HDFC Securities:why such big bank with so much resources at their disposal can't make good trading site...so many issues and total unhandy. Simply they can't beat competition with such a wasteful app. All mobile app built by unheard of people succeeded and hdfc is still in their legacy pride. total useless...simple avoid..
HDFC Securities:Excellent app. Highly useful data and statistics are available in different tabs. Have been using this app for almost an year, but yet not able to find the BSE Sensex live figure! Some of the traded scrips are not appearing in portfolio, though they are perfectly seen in Demat balance. Past transaction history is very handy tool to recollect past activity. IPO dashboard is very friendly in use. Overall, a perfect and user friendly app that is excellently brought out. Improvement is expected.
HDFC Securities:I am not finding this new app user friendly. The font size is so small and colour scheme is so poor that readability is difficult. Old app Hdfc Securities was far better which has been blocked without any intimation. Needs lots of improvement to enhance usability. No setting tab to manage suitability, personalisation etc and scores of other issues. Till you improve this app please provide the option to use the old app.
HDFC Securities:App is ok. It does not have features like other peers have, ex. Top gainers/loosers/52 week low/high/etc. based on various indexes like nifty, niftynext 500, nifty infra, etc. Also does not have virtual portfolio option (simulates buy and sell). I am a beginner and above comment is based on my current level.
HDFC Securities:in case of finnifty options, ce and pe are interlinking. if you click on ce it shows price of pe. App is too slow. Showing duplicate information in research section. In market depth, if you want to see the price of LTIM, it shows price of Wipro.
HDFC Securities:A big 0 to the UI, just this... Watchlist is too bad, There is too much of padding everywhere and text is too small, makes it difficult to see all things. All the components are not grouped properly, similar type of things need to be grouped. Font at some places need to be bold to increase focus and color scheme needs involvement of contrasts.
HDFC Securities:Not very good. The old app was better because it was more attractive and easier to navigate. The present version needs to have more colors.
HDFC Securities:Regularly getting a message "client disabled" and I have to reset the app. After logging it asks re kyc and message comes " account inactive since 12 months" Despite me using the app daily till yesterday since this issue has come up
HDFC Securities:Really bad experience . It gets stuck. Hdfc should be ashamed of the app they provide it does not work. Right in middle it get stuck. Shame on you hdfc..shame shame... Bad qualify . Wr are stuck time yo change broker dur to pathetic app....
HDFC Securities:My trading account is blocked since the last 1 month.I tried all the options after unlocking the user name.But the trading account activation link is being redirected to this app where there is no option for activation. Please advise
HDFC Securities:Unmatured app, un skilled development, lay out, features are missing as previously have. No need to login unless for trade... No.1 is Nuvama app. ,very easy is Angel one.
HDFC Securities:After giving correct mpin it is showing client disabled. Every time while trying to open this application old hdfc security app is good.
HDFC Securities:color of the onboarding page is so dark blue. previous application was so eye relaxing this one is going into eyes kindly change the colour of the app interface
HDFC Securities:Unable to secure using fingerprint lock. App says " Client disabled " the 4 digit pin password is wrong once logged out and every time a new password to be created .
HDFC Securities:This app is different from the previous one In my portfolio one share wasn't visible when I wanted to sell it later it appeared in the securities app . It's difficult to work with this app if it continues the same
HDFC Securities:Today again, latest research reports (LT FOODS, GODREJ AGRO, ZENSAR TECH) which are missing in INVEST RIGHT app are visible in OLD app. Which means the earlier issue reported by me is still unresolved. And you are going to discontinue there old app. VERY DISAPPOINTING.
HDFC Securities:Your previous app was way better than this new app...also there are security issue with this app...initial app you had to enter cust I'd and password that was more secured ..in the new app everything is visible...so if the mobile falls in stranger hand he can have access to everything...
HDFC Securities:Doesn't login. On the website, even after trying for 4 hr not able to upgrade KYC. Where as the same I could do without difficulty on other 2 apps. Exciting from thier services.
HDFC Securities:I am trying to do kyc from 2 days. If I select browse the app gets closed and if I select camera it only shows loading icon. Getting bad experience and cannot do any transaction due to kyc pending.
HDFC Securities:Very bad experience very high brokerage charges,very slow in buying and selling stocks , unnecessary charges, beginners don't come here pro can , even amount don't come to your account sometimes, don't go for hdfc goodwill they are just waste ,either hdfc bank is good but not in this app
HDFC Securities:This app doesn't work with iphone 12. it gets downloaded, but then you can't log in with iphone 12. So right now I'm not sure whether I will keep my account with HDFC securities.
HDFC Securities:Not working properly Very slow Price of stocks are getting change but it not showing in portfolio correctly In watch list it's okay but not exactly as market.
HDFC Securities:Still the chart option is not working. I am fed up since last many months. Its a very poor application. Last one was much better.
HDFC Securities:New app Invest Right is not able to install on my mobile. Mobile having 4G service. It says URL not available. Personal help desired. I am senior citizen. I could operate previous app.
HDFC Securities:At the time of order placement, Upper & Lower circuit values and 52 weeks High & Low values are not visible. It becomes difficult to decide the price at which to place order. Pls. improve immediately. Thanks S R Jalpota
HDFC Securities:The UI of Old HDFC Securities App was better than this app. Secondly, the app doesn't give Annualized returns for any of my investment, which is a must in any investment App.
HDFC Securities:Now I can no longer log in to a web page on my tab. It keeps redirecting to this app. How can they stop me from using web instead of app
HDFC Securities:This is the slowest app ever. It takes so much time to update prices of Shares/Trades. Don't ever install this app for Trading/investment purpose.
HDFC Securities:it's really innovative and user-friendly. At once, you can summarize your total assets. Thanks a lot. keep it up.
HDFC Securities:While I appreciate the ability to set stop-loss orders, I believe there's an opportunity to enhance the user experience by incorporating the option to set take-profit (target) orders as well. As a trader, it's crucial for me to have both stop-loss and take-profit orders in place to manage my positions effectively, especially when I cannot monitor the screen continuously for extended periods. If implementing take-profit orders is not feasible, I may need to explore alternative trading platforms
HDFC Securities:In old app I was able to view profit and loss of all of my shares in a single place. Green color with profit ones and Red color with loss ones. It was helpful to get an idea which stock is doing good and bad for the day. Can we get that feature in new app. Overall good experience with new app.
HDFC Securities:There is always a lag in loading real-time data. Sometimes makes it difficult to do transactions.
HDFC Securities:It's not an user friendly app for trading. Old hdfc security app was quite user-friendly. Old hdfc pro is also not working .
HDFC Securities:Worst app to trade. A BIG NO FROM MY SIDE. Orders will not go at the first attempt. every time, first you have to kill the app and then reattempt. I hv this app installed for more than a year, and got no update since then. Seems like they built and forgot or they think they made PERFECT at their first attempt and it requires no improvement. Second, you can't square off a sold order in delivery. Example - if you sold 100 qty of a stock in the morning and if you can only buy back 49 the same day
HDFC Securities:First of all I would like to thank you for providing such a unique and versatile platform. I was new to the stock market when I started using the app. The best feature is research option where you provide fundamental and technical picks. I have to just invest and relax. It's accurate most of the times. Making profits becomes so easy. Secondly I like the news section. Though I refer to news on other platforms too but selecting the most relevant ones becomes a tedious task. The app makes it simple
HDFC Securities:New design is good But im ORDER BOOK, the size of fonts of "LTP" are too small. Very inconvenient to read quickly. In "POSITIONS" manual it is ok
HDFC Securities:Up. To date and relevant data displayed. Functions speedily and without any error pl
HDFC Securities:Very glitchy app, doesn't refresh at all. Very inconvenient as we cannot Buy or sell shares as it doesn't update any data. Old app was 100 times better.
HDFC Securities:App is quite helpful, efficient ,fast and accurate. An additional feature to invest in Rights Issues should be incorporated. Presently it provides only information about entitlement and the profit to be accrued in issue is subscribed fully .
HDFC Securities:Application is pathetic, I have shared screenshot through email to support team but no improvement. I have to use web version to see my shares and order details. Please improve this application.
HDFC Securities:Extremely slow in updating price. Placing order takes 3 to 4 minutes. Have complained many times. The page just keeps blinking
HDFC Securities:after improvement still 10 years behind. there is no news of then will be the desktop version released of this app. we can't place gttt orders after market hours, competition provides that facility.
HDFC Securities:Not very user-friedly. Little heavy. Cannot track P&L and open positions easily. Very poor overall. Disappointed!
HDFC Securities:Thank you team, for reverting and guiding. Found all the old features and they have been greatly enhanced. Well done!
HDFC Securities:I am using HDFC security since last three years. Very Very poor app for trading. Not at all suggested to anybody. They don't take care of customer. Not at all recommended to Anybody. Zero rating app.
HDFC Securities:One of worst app hdfc dev team not even understand the what it needed for the customer. Now orderbook is a joke. For mass cancellation for whom. Not even single trade window working. They move orderbook . Very difficult to find the trade value. This app make life miserable
HDFC Securities:Why it's not opening from 2 weeks I cannot se anything Not even the name of registered person No equity column , no targets Once click on hdfc logo for check-in profile it will hang for long time with blank screen Equity column show no research data
HDFC Securities:The performance of the app is not satisfactory. For the past 10 days often I am unable to execute orders. For option traders It is dangerous. Needs improvement. Fix it.
HDFC Securities:It is not updating data in real time While trading timings it works slowly, charts does not open . Horrible app
HDFC Securities:App getting hanged during market hours, but working faster once after market hours completed. Please fix this bug as earliest.
HDFC Securities:Most third class customer support. Only application is better. Through it creates problems during new listing scripts.
HDFC Securities:My suggestion, pls give option to choose colour background of dashboard, also give option to increase of fonts size. It will help to those user who have week eyes side.
HDFC Securities:Very poor services. No help provided even after continous calls. Its like even the staff doesn't know how the app actually works.
HDFC Securities:This app doesn't populate the data on real time. Share prices get hanged in the middle of market and numbers don't move after that.
HDFC Securities:Bad app , research call not uploaded after recommendation , old app is better and quick. research call uploaded quickly , just check the research call between old and new app
HDFC Securities:This app still not showing index chart pattern 1 min to month levels. Other app like angel one showing index charts also.
HDFC Securities:My current ID is not logging in new application. I right so many times on email, but they are not helping me out. I'm out side of india now so please help me out as soon as possible.
HDFC Securities:Purely a BAKWAS app. Despite all out efforts and filling all the credentials correctly, I am not able to login and trade. Despite making several emails and contacting the customer care service, nothing was done to help me in trading. No response from the HDFC securities at all while the situation exists for a long time. Thinking to switch over to other broker. Why to waste energy with this app/broker
HDFC Securities:The red and green indicator of you portfolio watch list on the home page was a very good feature. Which i don't know ,why has been removed. And settings of alerts is very important required update which would make the app more suitable for trading easier.
HDFC Securities:Much value addition than the older app. Analysis AND SWOT etc are really helpful. Couldn't find but you could have added stakeholders share for each scrip. That is also a pain point we have. MM does give it in paid version. But now getting used to this new ui. Good one. Tinfo updates are bit slower But guess they are third party dependent. Congrats though for this wonderful app
HDFC Securities:The application is having a lot many open defects itself leaving out the usability features. literally the values are changed and shown differently in different cases - ex: Days profit itself changed to loss. Apart from this the usability is not upto the mark and is not comparable with new age platforms. expect much better from HDFC.
HDFC Securities:Wrost expirience. This app isnt suitable for traders at all. There is lag for couple of seconds and things turn upside down. Many time I see that the price is stagnent and after refreshing it is complete down and we take losses. Traders need fast platform and this is not one.
HDFC Securities:This app doesn't seem to work properly. Whenever I try to login it always gives me error "Sorry!We are unable to service your request.Please try again later". I have tried many times to login and even tried resetting my password but it never works. My credentials works fine in the old app and on the website. Please fix this issue as soon as possible.
HDFC Securities:The app is worst as it does not display movement if sensex and recent watch list.
HDFC Securities:Though, the new version could make available certain other facilities but frankly speaking the earlier one is still a very very user friendly.
HDFC Securities:Lots of bugs. The main menu doest open shows a grey screen when trying to open.
HDFC Securities:My app is not getting updated to 1.0.10(93).It's still in the version 1.0.9(86) even after re installing....what should i do...?
HDFC Securities:very bad app. doesn't work half the time. details of stocks hard to find. keeps expiring passwords.
HDFC Securities:I get the updated research call after two days in app and automatically any time money is drawn and deposit from account that data can't see into app. still you're app having sync problem due to these I lost my money. research calls also fail
HDFC Securities:The older app was better, and nowadays the fund release also doesn't happen in time. It used to be in my savings account at midnight before the app showed the deducted fund balance. I made a fund release request last morning and I'm still waiting for it. They'll credit it to my account at their own convenience, not thinking about their customers' prior commitments. Last time the fund release was stuck for 4-5 days because of their "scheduled maintenance" before Maha Shivratri holiday.
HDFC Securities:At critical point the app failed to execute the order. I was told try again. But by the time the trading time was over. I lost the opportunity to buy the stock.
HDFC Securities:Nifty and Sensex charts are not available. They tell lot about market movement. Looks like designers of App are not market traders and they don't understand customer well.Any update on Nifty and Sensex Chart?
HDFC Securities:Pathetically slow. You have to keep patience at extremely high level while working on this app.
HDFC Securities:Very slow app, portfolio values doesn't show accuelrate values, getting logouts frequently Not satisfied! !!!
HDFC Securities:Worst app...whenever I try to complete my re-kyc, it gets abruptly close when uploading PAN pic. Please rectify it at the earliest.
HDFC Securities:The original app is 100% better. This app is horrible. No clarity at all. Pls remove the new app with imm effect.
HDFC Securities:Unable to use app as touch id cannot be registered . Feedback given to hdfc sec via registered e mailid. Tried clearing cathche . Email with details shared to you please reply for e mail.
HDFC Securities:Indiscriminately high hidden charges and lack of transparency. And what we get is a third rate glitchy trading platform, poor research analysis.
HDFC Securities:Add 'HDFC' to app name like 'HDFC InvestRight' instead just 'InvestRight' so that it will be easy while searching. Otherwise it creates impression of third party app.
HDFC Securities:This new app is not working as expected on one plus nord4 and it's taking very long to load and unable to do intraday like old app
HDFC Securities:Too much clumsy and notvclear. The app guidance are also missing. Needcto simplify for traders.
HDFC Securities:Brokerage charges are very high in comparison with peers. Plus the investments show only on the next day in the app.
HDFC Securities:Did you release this without proper testing I have sold the stocks and still its showing in my portfolio. Its showing properly in the previous app.
HDFC Securities:Excellent opening experience till now! Very user friendly yet secure experience. Thank you InvestRight!
HDFC Securities:You should learn from Moneycontrol how to make a useful interface. Most of your 5 star reviews are one word reviews saying "good" or very good" or "great" and other bot generated reviews. Put some effort, look at other apps and learn from them.
HDFC Securities:During market hours app goes down and after login throws error that please try afert some time. Desh ki Number one Bank and service are poor.. Third class development.
HDFC Securities:Again issue on Android. Login and term & condition place holder overlapping. Password reset option also not available
HDFC Securities:Iam unable to login with the new app. It takes me to page asking me to open a new account. I'm not able to use the old app either
HDFC Securities:Everything is fine but when I go for Bank Hold and confirm it takes a lot of time. Many a times there is a glitch which is very bothering. Before downloading and working through the app please note HDFC charges you very high brokerage at buying & selling time and above that when you sell your shares you pay depository charges (monthly charges) & annual maintenance charges. These two are hidden charges you have no idea so beware before you start working with HDFC INVESTRIGHT APP. BEWARE
HDFC Securities:Please note we are facing trouble using the new update...it just keeps Showing old prices and takes a while for the current prices to load. Also, the new transactions won't show under position, it requires us to kill the app
HDFC Securities:I am trying to update my mobile number from this app. Now i want to make mobile number 2 to be my primary mobile number. And it doesn't have option to change secondary mobile number. And when i change my mobile number 1, then it says mobile 1 and mobile 2 can't be same. Its a big glitch. Please do something about it
HDFC Securities:After migrating to invest right there are mismatch in buying price for couple of stocks in my portfolio. Need help to correct it but couldn't reach to HDFC Securities. Tried many ways but no response in customer care.
HDFC Securities:Please add basket feature in your application In open, net position and watchlist as well As you have done excellentenly in order book Hope you will do it asap
HDFC Securities:New application is way better than old one. However, there are lots of bugs which need to be addressed.
HDFC Securities:try and test it at your end. multiple unnecessary login attempts are required same repetitive steps
HDFC Securities:lots of bug, take too much time for update in current value, high brokerage, not satisfied service, customer care support service is below standard, many more thing is very disappointed, doesn't deserve single star, now they want each and everyone to share it's detail with them, so they can improve their service standards, #low standard service provider HDFC securities,
HDFC Securities:Hopeless website...most of time...it doesnot work. Even today, M-powered didnot work. Interface hopeless.
HDFC Securities:App is just in starting need many features, other service providers have many easy features invest right lacking in it
HDFC Securities:Nice app. But after recent updates unable to cancel orders from order book only we can modify orders.
HDFC Securities:Earlier, it used to logout with the back button, but now it's not. Please revert to the previous way. The scrolling in the portfolio is messed now. No need to freeze the top part in the portfolio.
HDFC Securities:Old app layout and usability was much simpler and was very easy to use.
HDFC Securities:Old version is more useful most of time app was hang then you had to uninstall and then reinstall is only option
HDFC Securities:Create New Watchlist option showing but no option to save or create, also Touch id fingerprint login Not working, please fix asap.
HDFC Securities:The old HDFC sec app was much better and much easier to use with bold windows This app is ok for laptop use but no good for mobile app Too cluttered
HDFC Securities:Disgusting services by hdfc and also their app .. I am writing this after long 3 months complaining and incurring loss due to app not functioning during market hours and the authorities says this is new app that's why some glitches are there... if it is so then why they need to give it is customers and why not giving support?? People loose money for their faults ...??
HDFC Securities:In this application, sometimes many auto features like transfer/hold in fund from connected bank account not working, update of real time data may not implimentated without updating the app continously. Moreover, square of total quantity sold is not permitted instead of the same is already in demate account for a and b group stock. This all should be resolved as per guidance of sebi.
HDFC Securities:Good from old hdfc sec app but i am unable to open quik links in my app why I don't know Even after clearing chache and clear data deleted reinstalled still same problem
HDFC Securities:it is number one bank app but I can't understand y it's not proper develop till now as per public demand... please update fastest it's help you also for growth
HDFC Securities:user friendly, can be improved at par with zerodha, App Page spreads out of mobile screen need review:
HDFC Securities:Not happy using it as it's hanged all most everytime and taking to much time to open portfolio and watch list. Authorities are not bothered to rectify issues inspite of repeatedly calling and e-mails.
HDFC Securities:Much scope of improvement is there in dis app. To name a few, In ipo section, can't u provide info on real time basis w.r.t how many time the ipo is getting subscribed? U can refer Angel app for it. Also, the back button has limitations. Most of the times it needs to exit and ee login to see home page. Menu showing my Current brokerage plan AMC charges,etc.,should be there. As a premium broker u must be ahead of all. In contrary, all discount broker's app are superb. Reverse engineering is must
HDFC Securities:You guys deleted my last review message. Fix your issuesYou guys are least bothered about customer experience. I posted my review comment two months ago and no one bothered to even revert or fix the issues with the chart at all. Your support email id also no one reads or responds. Whats wrong with you people? No one seems to be bothered to pay attention here. The GRAPH DOES NOT LOAD. Whats the point in making a trading app if you can't make basic functionality work. DO YOU EVER PLAN TO FIX THIS?
HDFC Securities:With the recent update of Invest Right App, the brick/dashboard view of the portfolio stocks along with their intra-day movement on the home page is not available. This is creating a lot of problem in seeing the portfolio movement. Resolve this ASAP Is there a way to rollback to previous version? Replied on email with details as requested.
HDFC Securities:Worst app... Lagging on login, lag on loading data.. Interface is not at all good. This look like fantasy not trading app. Nothing is clear and visible. Mainly after login data loading is not responding properly and taking too long to show. Pls improve
HDFC Securities:Hello Team A very good App as compared to the mPowered and ProTerminal which is in your website. One small suggestion is you should show upper circuit and lower circuit while giving orders as well as 52 week high and low price also. Hope your next update will provide this change. Thank you. Hello Team Awaiting for the update as mentioned above. This will help everyone and it will be a perfect app. 07/04/2024 Hello Team At least include upper and lower circuits in your update. It's a long time.
HDFC Securities:Please include exchange in portfolio. Forget password option and funds status adding will more advantage for common user. Research options should cover shows all sector. Expert picks can we see like watch list with exchange.
HDFC Securities:Yesterday, I received the updated version and I found portfolio heatmap is missing on dashboard. Please bring it back as it is very useful to analyze the current market Thanks
HDFC Securities:frequency dropdown doesn't appear. Gives alert record not found ..when nothing has been clicked
HDFC Securities:APP is not good capital gain of Liquid etf example in my case ie of Zerodha Nifty 1D Rate which is pure debt instrument is shown in equity capital gain no option for order modification after placing like stop loss,no customer support even I tried and kept my phone in waiting for 15 minutes many times you can't raise ticket no option, you also can't check expenses occurred ( brokerage,stt,dp) on app,if you open your account through bank it will produce more problembank RM assigned dnt know equit
HDFC Securities:App is working fine but after version updated the portfolio dashboard is not visible as earlier which was great to know portfolio stock movement and easy take decision without going to other screen of portfolio. Can you please re open the same as it was the best and real AInwhich helps making decisions
HDFC Securities:One of the worst interfaces for a trading platform. Doesn't give basic information like XIRR and you can't see all the indices in one frame
HDFC Securities:Exit from app is bit difficult. Too many back keys to press before coming out of app It's resolved , thanks team
HDFC Securities:One of the best user interface in Indian broking industry for Indian market! Hardly you see an application upgraded so meaningfully. Now, just reduce the brokerage.
HDFC Securities:It keeps logging me off, annoying messages and advice notifications
HDFC Securities:I'm quite fed up with this app. Despite updating, reinstalling and cleaning cache the INVESTRIGHT app is not opening on android . The log in page is not appearing. Repeatedly emailed to your customer care with no result.
HDFC Securities:Please start the price alerts feature. Good, (relatively) simple app.
HDFC Securities:Worst app for trading and delivery related issues... Can sell things on time .....!!!money blocked for 2 ~3 days prefer a regular broker.
HDFC Securities:Worst app for investing. Server is very slow. If want to sell a sahre there is 1 min proses for that. I have purchased a share for rupee 29.65 and vary next dat is show purchase price is 30. Its my 7th day and i am not able to sell a share. I tried to reach your customer care executive for 2 times and wait 20 minutes on call nobody is there. This is your services. Banking services is great but investing service ir poor.
HDFC Securities:It is showing "No data found...." when I open Porfolio option. Unable to add Funds in the trading account in the new app. Also mailed to customercare. I think old app was much better
HDFC Securities:Some options available in the old app are not found in this one: - Cannot place offline orders or GTT - Funds not showing
HDFC Securities:Excellent app. Far far better than the old one. Excellent work by the hdfc team.
HDFC Securities:Very nice invest right app But this app face a problem When low network area. And hdfc security app has good Performance low network area.
HDFC Securities:usually hanging,,,,,,,not showing days net profit and loss in option trading ,,,,in short needs interface improvments,,,
HDFC Securities:When there is time to buy the app doesn't work.Like today n on 4 th n 5 th June it was not ready to work.Taking horrible experience.
HDFC Securities:There should be fluctuations of sensex display on the screen.as it is seen in your old app.
HDFC Securities:When accessing research section pop up appears forcing user to activate F&O. There is no way to skip this except closing the app and restarting. There is no way around this to access the research section. It is as if HDFC is forcing customers to activate F&O against SEBI rules.
HDFC Securities:Very nice App easy to surf. Gives most of the information required before taking any trade.
HDFC Securities:Worst application. Often logges you out and charges hell of transaction charges Team common grow up. Stop providing standard automated response. I had worst experience with your so called non existing customer service
HDFC Securities:Bad experience....not able to login. Throws an error of client disabled.
HDFC Securities:App crashed right at time the when market was about to open and I missed chances of buying stocks at proper time. Worst app
HDFC Securities:font size is too small and there is no option to increase the font size. Reports are not updated on time. sometimes the portfolio details are not updated on time.
HDFC Securities:It gives the error " client disabled." Does not respond after updating kyc. Worst Update ever.
HDFC Securities:Good interface. Needs improvement as we go along.
HDFC Securities:Very poor visibility And portfolio is complexity is more than previous app.
HDFC Securities:From last few days order book for option and open position is not correctly showing and creating confusion. Same happened yesterday also. Plz look into this as early as possible and make app reliable
HDFC Securities:sub par app ... quite a few bugs the search to market depth won't slide up easily - multiple attempts required - charts / interaction is really bad - requesting hdfcsec team to please resolve this tks
HDFC Securities:Poor app performance. Not comfortable to navigate as HDFC Securities.. Feeling very difficult to work. It will be really helpful if yiu switch back
HDFC Securities:good to see the app got rejig and adopt user friendly features to easily identify the research calls. Also, the quality of technical calls to pick cherry stocks among other stocks is very good.
HDFC Securities:Sensex is missing in the Dashboard. Yourself compare what is better and missing compare to HDFC security app. Really we are wasting by our time by validating this app.
HDFC Securities:New app is not good. I want to use the old HDFC securities app Old app is user friendly new app is not friendly
HDFC Securities:I have a suggestion to make small change in your Software example when we click cancel for a SIP order the message says do you want to cancel the order and the options are Ok and cancel ideally the options to click should be Yes. or No i.e if I wish to cancel I press yes or else I press No of I do not want to cancel ok or cancel options are quite confusing
HDFC Securities:App is very intuitive , provides good information for research as well.
HDFC Securities:Slow response from the app. Friday morning the app was not working properly, charts, buy option was not working before 10am.
HDFC Securities:Excellent. One request to you is that if you mention the full name of the company along with the company code below it, then it will be very easy to understand as it was in your old application.
HDFC Securities:You never login FTR, Password reset is a hassle. simple procedure is made extremely complex. it is my initial view.
HDFC Securities:Too slow and complicated, fundamentals are not available, not market standard.
HDFC Securities:Older version app was more user friendly Unable to find few important features in this new App Is there any guides available
HDFC Securities:very poor experience. no details and analysis of funds. user interface is super poor.
HDFC Securities:Not able to see minimum things without logging Old App was good If logged also gets logged out with time frame
HDFC Securities:Old App was Much User Friendly & Options were Very Clear. Particularly Reports option P&L & Capital Gains only gives XLXS File & No PDF is Available.
HDFC Securities:BSE index OI data is not available on option chain. Please, resolve the issue.
HDFC Securities:Worst experience ever with this! Funds will be on hold and not possible to trade on that day even though money is in trading account... Sick app... If you don't enhance your app quality you will lose your customer for sure
HDFC Securities:Worst app. Not showing my demat balance and brokerage is very high. Don't use
HDFC Securities:Not at all user friendly as compared to the old Hdfc Securities app.
HDFC Securities:every time need to change the quick pin absolutely bad experience
HDFC Securities:3rd Class Application my MF unrealized profit and loss only update when in uninstall and install again
HDFC Securities:Every time while logging I have to click "I understand the risk" It's annoying...
HDFC Securities:Where can I view the charts ? Of stocks I need to see in trading view , insert indicator, where is that option,can't find any Also how to make alerts / triggers?? For buying and selling at a particular ltp
HDFC Securities:Nothing to say about your Upgradation but you People Blocked our GTTD Option which ever was very Helpful to Discover the Price based on Market Trend in Short Term as well as Long Term also by our Pivoting Analysis. Pl. Help me to Explain where you Provide this Option in the App.....
HDFC Securities:Continuosly popping up in hdfcsec app when i am trying to trade. Irritating app.
HDFC Securities:Vey convenient to operate. All required info available in one place.
HDFC Securities:You Just Nailed It. App UI And Smoothness is Just Perfect. (Edited) your calls are brilliant,but the time You suggest to Buy it has already run away. Maybe Due to Notifications Delayed Error
HDFC Securities:Not working most of the time . charts are very poor. most of the time in morning not opening so very deficult to track position
HDFC Securities:Facing a message: Something went wrong message and not able to use the app
HDFC Securities:Not showing sensex. Shows wrong values. add feature of old app better.
HDFC Securities:surfing speed is too low. need to be improve to feel smooth experience
HDFC Securities:bit complicated. will take time to get adjusted. please give help no for getting advice.
HDFC Securities:hdfc sky app is very good compared to invest right app There is a lot of confusion in the Invest Right app compared to hdfc sky
HDFC Securities:Please add tradingview chart, Cover order and bracket order And most importantly please remove advertisement and Quick view from dashboard and watchlist .
HDFC Securities:Latest rate of Wipro is showing 517.55, Where as same is showing 557.20 in monthly chart. In daily, weekly, yearly chart shows 517.55 Above error is observed on 22/7/24 at 9:22:59. If you require proof, I can send you screen shot, which I have saved with me
HDFC Securities:Too slow app...it takes many refreshes to update the Prices of stock. Learn from upstox app.
HDFC Securities:Chart takes forever to load.. old app chart access was way faster
HDFC Securities:I am unable to log in this app .Trying for last four months. Customer care is of no help . Very disgusting
HDFC Securities:Really very good app. Easily find any type of option
HDFC Securities:very pathetic app even unable to see my profile and nomination details.
HDFC Securities:I can't see transactions DETAILS in invest Right app. Earlier app has this option to see transacti.
HDFC Securities:not user friendly in comparison to last ver. struggling to use.
HDFC Securities:installation was smooth, will share usability feedback after using it for sometime
HDFC Securities:It's critical that a trading app keeps the UI as simple as possible for a wide set of audience. This design was quite complicated. Appreciate the learning cues when using for the first time but it's a lot to remember. Also the swipe to place or sell doesn't feel like an affirmative action gesture. I would rather prefer a button to explicitly signal by intent. Simple and works as expected
HDFC Securities:transparency is at its best. good security features. research is very optimal and understandable to laymans like me. recommendations success rate is very very high. mutual fund research is very good. brokerages are not high.
HDFC Securities:When I'm logout this app and again login, every time app show me client disable again and again.
HDFC Securities:needs update on mutual fund. redemption all units options needed. wrong units showing worst app of hdfc
HDFC Securities:too much time taken in working one page to another page is not good for option trading
HDFC Securities:still not on par with other platforms like kite from zerodha. bad ui design and asking for poa.
HDFC Securities:It charges very huge brokerage compared to other Dmat platforms. Nowhere in the application I can check my brokerage plan.
HDFC Securities:Little confusing still quite helpful. Brokerage is too high.
HDFC Securities:worst application, check interface of other app and work on it to make it better
HDFC Securities:unable to update nominee details even after entering otp, it's showing error
HDFC Securities:Screwed up my profit and loss statement..please refer my email sent.Its been 2 days without reply..Pathetic app and development team
HDFC Securities:user unfriendly interface in web portal. this app has no provision to show our accounts.
HDFC Securities:updated version is more easy and convenient to operate
HDFC Securities:fingerprint ID not working, unable to register for it.
HDFC Securities:Hanging a lot, and I was not able to place order it's a risky app for trading.
HDFC Securities:When I put order it hanged, every time I have to login again and again!!!
HDFC Securities:Good but please guide customer that old HDFC SECURITIES APP is no more available.
HDFC Securities:update version is not good in last version they were showing all share in big square
HDFC Securities:Pathetic app, old HDFC app is far better than this. Don't close old app.
HDFC Securities:Update password doesn't work. It gives error.
HDFC Securities:Nifty and Bank Nifty is only shown on the screen there should be an option for those who want to watch Senses also
HDFC Securities:very clunky...not intuitive or user friendly at all
HDFC Securities:No proper customer care number provided and when called not reachable Unable to Apply IPO showing error system is in colling period
HDFC Securities:Today so many problems in your site..can not put order at a time .... Foolish app ..in volatile market it is never work...
HDFC Securities:hang on multiple times and not refresh stock price frequently.
HDFC Securities:Good improvements then old app but too slow during operation.
HDFC Securities:It is showing incorrect number of shares in the portfolio list. I have 53k MSUMI wire (in my demat acc) but showing as 74k in the portfolio list.
HDFC Securities:Not so good. Profit and loss should be seen aftet closed position
HDFC Securities:Previuous app is more better than this and unablebto login ERROR OCCURRED that CLIENT DISSABLED.
